# Website Text

Last Updated: March 20, 2023 9:35 PM
Season: S1

**WHY WE EXIST**

If the past few years have shown us anything, it's the breakdown of societal systems in one place that impedes the potential for humans to flourish everywhere.

Faced with a growing number of existential threats to humanity's future, what can we do to prevent civilizational breakdown and radically increase the health and resilience of our collective future?

While many different interventions are needed, at Civics Unplugged, we are confident that directly investing money and other resources in promising high-school-aged leaders around the world is an essential piece of the puzzle.

These youth have the creativity, energy, and passion to build a brighter future. In today's age, they can leverage collective intelligence, access resources, and make waves using just a mobile phone.

**However, there are two major impediments in the way of Gen Z realizing their incredible change-making potential: funding 💰 and connections 🤝.**

This is why we launched the Dream DAO.

**A NEW WAY TO INVEST IN THE FUTURE**

Since we've launched Civics Unplugged in 2019, we've consistently seen foundations struggle with long grant timelines, unclear funding priorities, centralized decision-making structures, and innovation-constraining KPIs.

**The Dream DAO will take a different approach to investing in the future. It will...**

1. Remove financial barriers that stand in the way of young people building a brighter future for humanity
2. Encourage co-building between people of different generations trying to make a positive impact
3. Help close diversity and equity gaps in philanthropy, change-making, and web3 (by giving kids voting power and a financial stake in a growing social movement)

If CU's Dream DAO is successful, it can serve as a blueprint for any community of purpose to align funders and operators to effectively co-build the future together. Read our whitepaper [here](https://www.notion.so/DAOs-as-Drivers-of-Effective-Systems-Change-3c0d6e16c95f4ef18818ae5e6f978e2f?pvs=21) for a deeper explanation of how the DAO will evolve the way change is made.