# Eighth Meeting

Date: September 10, 2022
Recording : https://drive.google.com/file/d/1fGztgXjD7kHC9oBKU9RYpeVzf5Jb_GKc/view?usp=drivesdk

<aside>
ðŸ§Š **Introduction & Icebreaker**

</aside>

*If you could travel any part in the world where would you go?*

- Joshua:
- Ibtehaj:
- Julieta:
- Madison:

<aside>
ðŸ“™ **Lecture**

</aside>

We started by having an Icebreaker talk with the builders in attendance. Joshua started by presenting the key point that we had to solve during the session which was:

- Â° Discussion about Key Result #3 (he read the final part of the following document: [Gatherings WG Objectives](../../Gatherings%20WG%20Objectives%20d3d57a006b2941f5a3c1d374f9795478.md))
- Â° Ways we can improve + brainstorming

I know Dariel has already started with this process, I know he is managing the flights for Devcon and about the documentation we need. I would like to know if you have any ideas or thoughts on anything else we could do on this key result number 3.

<aside>
ðŸ—£ **Discussion & Questions**

</aside>

**Madison:** Mmm I guess nothing I can think of. Again the time line is super short since we got the application out to choose people, I already booked the hotal as soon as possible, two days ago. That's why we got a hotel six minutes away from where the event is going to be and at a very good price too. And for the flights Dariel started working on that as soon as possible, but besides that, maybe it could be useful is to create a schedule for us during devcon or actually now I think, Saf and Carl could know more about that they are going too.

**Joshua:** So the first thing is yes, just to remind all here that our key result number three is just to support with documentation.

**Joshua:** Yeah!

**Madison:** Maybe we could find out what we are going to do in transportation for example cost effective car or ubers, to take into consideration because we are going to have thirteen people, and find out the roud condition in Colombia that would be a very good thing to look for.

**Joshua:**Â  Yeah I was actually talking with rebecca about making stickers for the event and all that, but she had an amazing idea about making QRS with all the information so that people could easily go to Dream all the way to personal social networks. So she said I think how can we do the same with all of us like each of the people that are going to Devcon can create their own one and then connect. And also Iâ€™m working with Dariel for the boat that we are going to create because we want to give one to be special. So those two things I think are super cool!

**Madison:** Love it!

**Joshua:** So I just wanted to know your thoughts or feedback about that. I think maybe we can move to the next part.

**Joshua:** So the next part in our meeting is like just want to hear and to discuss ways we can maybe level up the Gathering Working group, maybe the processes, all the things we have been doing and things we can implement for next month for the next months of the season, even if the group is going to exist next to planning or researching.

**Julieta:** Yes, I think that during the devcon event I don't know if we can make some alliances to share Dream DAO with other builders in Bogota or maybe search for new events.

**Joshua:** Yeah, well, about the first thing that you said about partnerships well, I think when we go to an event, we set up some key results like, for example, for in Mexico West to have at least, I think, three guest speakers and the champions that maybe kind of work in dream DAO. So I think we would like to set up like the same time of curiosity for this event and yeah, something that I was managing with Saf about these results is that we made contact list in real life. Like in a paper I wrote all the names and emails andI added them to our discord if we had the chance.

And then after Mexico I was contacting each of them or they were contacting me or Saf and I did like the onboarding call to have different DAO tickets and then they were interested that some of them were at our sessions as attendees.So that's amazing.

And for the second one yeah, I think Aisha right now is researching more events that are going to happen after January. But she said that right now it's so difficult because there are people planning the ones that are going to happen until 2022.

That part of the research is just on the table and maybe we can continue researching after that if already events are in the web to research and just to have here after I told you, more time to research and investigate what happened there and all of the stuff we did in less than one month before we selected.

**Julieta:** Yeah, that makes sense! In fact, I hope I'm not going off topic but I have a question regarding Devcon. *Will the builders that are from Mexico all go together on one flight or will we go on separate flights?*

**Madison:** Yeah, well, I mean we're just going to make people go to the closest airport.There's not really a way to make people like people probably have to drive really far to get to an airport.So those are the airports. I think Joshua and Fernando are on the same flight because they live together,so they're coming from the same place.Other than that, it's just like it would be for any other country, just like the closest airport to you. So I think that answer your question?

**Julieta:** Yes, thank you!

**Joshua:** Yeah. Anything else someone wants to add or have any doubts from questions about all we have discussed here or previously in our other meetings?

**Ibtehaj: Just a random question: What other trips and conferences will be there for season 2?**

**Joshua:** Well, in terms of other trips or conferences that will be purchased, I don't know how maybe that could change about how many trips dream DAO can sponsor and then after that they know if there is going and we are working on newÂ  to drop the key results. So that's like the task for the new one. But yeah, right now what we can do and I Aisha propose just to research more about other events that is going to happen in the next year. So I don't know if that answers your question.

**Ibtehaj:** Yeah, that answers my question.

**Joshua:** Yeah. So if there is no clue, I think we already made all the west plans for this meeting.

**Madison:** Sorry, one thing before Ibtehaj are you able to fill out the form for the Devcon trip so Dariel can look for your flight?

**Ibtehaj:** Actually, I'm still waiting for my dad to get home so he has some of my info.

**Madison:** Okay, cool.

<aside>
ðŸš¨ **Task for the Week**

</aside>