# Fifth Meeting

Date: August 11, 2022
Recording : https://drive.google.com/file/d/1jyhuI2mg-J8p1EkrMxEa20XhABH2KzsZ/view?usp=sharing

<aside>
üßä **Introduction & Icebreaker**

</aside>

*Prompt: How was your day?*

- Joshua ‚úåüèº: It was great!
- Fernando üòé: it was a great day, I came back to school and I was a little bit nervous because I was entering college but I feel excited to live a new experience.

<aside>
üìô **Lecture**

</aside>

Today we talked about three important things:

- Julieta presented a draft with an application form proposal for the Devcon Bogot√° 2022 Trip. After her presentation, we gave her some feedback and some advice to improve the application proposal.
- We had a discussion about the application process, specifically when the application will be released, reviewed, snapshotted, and got confirmed.
- We accorded to do a specific Dream Dao letter which could have all the information about Devcon Bogot√° Trip and the specific requirements and permissions for all applicants.

<aside>
üó£ **Discussion & Questions**

</aside>

### Julieta‚Äôs Application Form Presentation - **Devcon Bogot√°**

- **Julieta:** This is the entire presentation, what do you think about the form?
- **Saf:** It is great, you have covered all the things you need to cover. One question, Madison, have we created a specific consent form for under 18 years old builders and can we use it for Devcon Bogot√°?
- **Madison:** I don‚Äôt know if we have because everyone in the past conferences was 18 or older, I think that one you refer was for Mexico¬¥s Trip but I¬¥m not sure. I think we can create one though because Dariel created a policy for chaperones and we can attach something similar in a link and ask the applicants if they understand the whole information.
- **Saf:** I think we can have like a Dream Dao form like when you go on a school trip just to make parents feel more comfortable and also let's include some contacts, it would be better.
- **Madison:** Yes, basically an informatic packet form and a space for signature at the end.
- **Joshua:** Yes, I just want to add that when Julieta and I review this form we did some changes in the ‚Äúabout you‚Äù section. Those questions are in the case we have to run an election to choose the applicants to go to Devcon Bogota and we want just to publish their answers without any other information, this in order to make the election the fairest as possible.
- **Madison:** I think these questions are great but I consider we just have to put like four or five questions talking about their interests and feelings and choose the unique answers.
- **Saf:** Yes, I think is great, and also I think we need to add the question of what contributions you have made to Dream Dao so we can have an easier way to choose between all the applicants.
- **Julieta:** Yes, I think the same, I‚Äôm going to correct this but I don‚Äôt know if I share the connections during the week or until our next session.
- **Saf:** I think you can just correct them and post them on Discord.
- **Julieta:** Okay, I‚Äôll do that during the week.

### Julieta‚Äôs Notion Presentation - **Devcon Bogot√° Overview**

- **Julieta:** I tried to follow Dariel‚Äôs form, but I don‚Äôt know if all the information is correct.
- **Madison:** Yes, actually I think quite of this information needs to be updated, so if you send it to me I‚Äôll be happy to update it.
- **Saf:** Madison, when is going to be the shelling point?
- **Madison:** I think it could be the 10th.
- **Julieta:** Okey, but when I was doing the notion, Gary wrote in one part ‚Äúsome days before‚Äù, I didn't get it at that moment but now I do. Is the rest of the information correct?
- **Madison:** We should put this information in an ‚ÄúInformation Packet‚Äù, someone can work with Dariel on this.
- **Julieta:** Yes, a good idea is to put the paper form with the information about the speakers, topics and stuff like that.
- **Madison:** I think we should include as much information as possible in the information packet for the applicant‚Äôs parents.
- **Julieta:** Yeah, I love the idea.
- **Saf:** Okey. Does anyone want to go to Devcon Trip? No one???
- **Madison:** No one wants to go???
- **Joshua:** My birthday is one day after Devcon Trip but I would like to go.
- **Madison:** One thing that we can‚Äôt provide for the trip is Documents like Visas or Passports cause we don‚Äôt have a legal team and we can‚Äôt support you with that. Joshua, what was the timeline you did?
- **Joshua:** Do we can help with Visas and Passports?
- **Madison:** We can help with costs, but we can‚Äôt support the legal fields.
- **Joshua:** Okey, about the timeline‚Ä¶ I think tomorrow we will be presenting to get more feedback and then we agreed to release applications next Tuesday. We also agreed to set up this before late August.
- **Madison:** We will have the applications on Tuesday and we can review the information packet on Friday cause we can use it for other events.
- **Saf:** Someone can do that.
- **Madison:** Someone can help Dariel to do that, In the US when they are on school trips they send an information packet with all the information about the trip, also at the end it has a space for signature.
- **Saf:** Okey, does anyone want to volunteer to work with Dariel in the information packet?
- **Madison:** I saw Fernando first, Julieta you can keep working on the paper form.
- **Saf:** Rohit can work on the learning artifact right?
- **Madison:** Rohit, do you want to work on the learning artifact?
- **Rohit:** Yes.
- **Madison:** Okey. If you have questions you can tell me.
- **Joshua:** I have an example of a learning artifact I can send to him.
- **Madison:** Okey.
- **Saf:** Cool, is the anything else to attend?
- **Joshua:** Nope, just the Q&A of the session.
- **Saf:** Cool.

### **Questions:**

- **Julieta:** I have one question, for applicants, if I don‚Äôt have a passport I can fill out the form at the same time I try to get my passport?
- **Saf:** Yes.
- **Madison:** I think you can fill it out if you know you will be able to have your passport by the time of the trip. Also, we need to add this to the info packet.

### End of the Session:

- **Madison:** So to repeat, Julieta is working on the paper form, Fernando is working with Dariel on creating an information packet for the trip and Rohit is working on a document for a learning artifact. Joshua does that sound right?
- **Joshua:** Yes, just I think Ibtehaj is working with Rohit right?
- **Madison:** Yes, I didn‚Äôt hear a confirmation but if you want it could be.
- **Ibtehaj:** It‚Äôs fine.
- **Joshua:** Awesome, so I think we can finish our meeting today.
- **Saf:** Thanks everyone.
- **Madison:** Thanks. I‚Äôm excited for Devcon I hope you all apply.
- **Josh:** Thank you for coming.

<aside>
üö® **Task for the Week**

</aside>

‚Ä¢ **Julieta** will update the application form.

‚Ä¢ **Fernando** will work together with Dariel to make an information package for the builders + parents.

‚Ä¢ **Ibtehaj** **and** **Rohit** will start creating a document that says what builders can do as Learning Artifact after their trip.