# Fourth Meeting

Date: August 4, 2022
Recording : https://drive.google.com/file/d/1saRq7IgTOyaOH4llI0chh-TD1YPDmvw-/view?usp=sharing

<aside>
üßä **Introduction & Icebreaker**

</aside>

*Prompt: How was your day?*

- Joshua ‚úåüèº: It was great!
- Julieta üéá : Very funny because I went out to walk my dog, and the rain got us all very wet before this meeting üòÇ

<aside>
üìô **Lecture**

</aside>

Today we resolved two important things:

- Continue with the discussion about Devcon Bogot√° (about selecting this event for IRL conference for Season 2 and start drafting proposal to present to the DAO Council
- Discussion about selection criteria and form for applicants

<aside>
üó£ **Discussion & Questions**

</aside>

### **Devcon Bogot√°**

- **Aishah:** Yes, I think the discussion is previously, but I consider that the best option is Devcon Bogot√°, because it is the only one we are focusing on right now is this event because it covers a little more about social impact. And also, most of the events of social impact were in the last months.
- **Julieta:** Yeah, I raised some questions that I think could help us to consider Devcon Bogot√° a little more that are:
    - *Why Devcon?* Because it is not only for people who are already experts in the web 3 but Devcon Bogot√° will also focus in an intensive introduction for new Ethereum explorers.
    - *How?* With a holistic approach, and right now we don‚Äôt know the speakers who will be at the event, I propose that we can wait a little longer for the results of the calls for speakers to be reviewed, I think it will not be long. Because, I saw on your twitter that this weekend you worked intensively in reviewing the applications. I don't know what you think, do you think this is a good point or a bad point to consider?
- **Joshua:** I think that would be something we need to consider, on the Decvon page we have some of the topics that are going to be covered. I think there will be some conferences on how can other change the world for the better, so that will be like an amazing opportunity there, public goods and policy, the impact of NFTs, emerging markets. So, yeah, as Madison said in our last session, like this is the best we can find between September and November, as Aisha said, most of the social impact events were in the last few months. I don't know if anyone here has another idea. I know that we can also se could consider that like as Saf and Madison said we can also gain free tickets for the builders that are going to be there and, like Madison said we don't pressure to choose one. And also, this give us the time to make the things that that we need to start with the form for the builders not in the last moment.
- **Madison:** Yes, when we were talking about how many conferences to go to I guess we are going¬† like see how many are during the summer, I mean there was like NFT Barcelona, ETH Mexico, like all of these events I was expecting what events are relevant for us. I think most of the events are in summer, unless Devcon Bogot√°, because it was waiting because of the covid, and now a tone of people are waiting for this event. I have thinking it, and ai think that you know the most important think is the quality and if we have like ten people there, we can takeover event, do you what I mean? Haha, but yeah, from my perspective there aren't any other event with high value as Devcon. And off we do this we need to do a really good planning and focus in one event too.
- **Joshua:** Yeah, that's a really good point, as soon that I know, when that announce the speaker maybe we could do like a partnership or collaboration. The database that Ethan are doing is amazing¬† and could add more contacts there, and we can have more information. So, yeah, I think we could present this into our Council meeting next week Madison, right?
- **Madison:** Yeah, also I wanted to know what do you think like Julieta and Aishah too?
- **Julieta:** Yeah, I think another important point to mention in this Council meeting is that Devcon have in their program a certain values like Building bridges with other communities and some tracks for example, Opportunityband global impact, that fits with Dream DAO too.
- **Aisha:**¬† Yes, I think that since we have already taken into account that this is a very good event, we could move forward and talk a little bit about how the selection process we are going to have and start with that. Because I don't know if maybe some of us have applied for the scholarship or maybe some of us have not.

**Joshua:** Yes, basically they were also thinking with Saf, that we didn't want to have such a heavy application process, but we wanted to make an application so that builders could fill it out and if there were more than ten people would run a selection process (snapshot). Some things to considerate and questions would be who would be best suited for this event?, why they would like to attend it?, how their attendance would improve the event?, etc. Because there are also various aspects that need to be considered such as documentation and that sort of thing.

### **Questions:**

- Aisha: **Do you have like a timeline that you want to follow, to get the applications and everything in time?**
    - Joshua: ****Yes, we plan to spend from:
    1. Mid-August to the end of August for the application process.
    2. By the beginning of September to have all the applications closed and start the selection processes
    
    That would give us a month of process I think. And we would have more time for Dariel to help us move things forward as well.
    
    - Madison: ****Yeah, I think we should actually identify them, but the end of August because maybe a task of this week is like someone on the gatherings working group to start an application process maybe we could:
    1. Make some edits on eleventh 
    2. Next week we could be able to go out the applications 
    3. Give people four or five days
    4. A week for the selection process. 
    
    And we need to think that when the date is closer the things get more expensive. And one month is a good goal.
    
    - **Joshua:** Yes, Can we make like a bounty to do this application process?
    - **Madison:** Yeah, that be great!
    - **Joshua:** Great, exciting to doing this!
    

<aside>
üö® **Task for the Week**

</aside>

**üó£¬†BOUNTY OPPORTUNITY:** Draft an application process for Devcon Bogot√° in order to follow the timeline and discuss it in our next weekly meeting! - **Taken by Julieta Torres**