# Ninth Meeting

Date: September 17, 2022
Recording : https://drive.google.com/file/d/1jdgKHIoMM2bpltnNe5lcE6uASsyLFcUc/view?usp=sharing

<aside>
ðŸ§Š **Introduction & Icebreaker**

</aside>

*If you had to stay on a desert island and you could only take one item with you, what would it be?*

- Joshua:
- Ibtehaj:
- Julieta:
- Rohit:
- Fernando:

<aside>
ðŸ“™ **Lecture**

</aside>

We started by having an Icebreaker talk with the builders in attendance. Joshua started by presenting the key point that we had to solve during the session which was:

- Brainstorming about 5 Merit badges for the Gatherings WG. For this Joshua read the following document created by Governance WG ([https://docs.google.com/document/d/1PAuVmAg_CQGMg9mvgJ0psoVcVt1rlWkfJTEno51KsCc/edit?pli=1](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1PAuVmAg_CQGMg9mvgJ0psoVcVt1rlWkfJTEno51KsCc/edit?pli=1))

Joshua explained that the task of all WGs until the next Dao Council meeting is to have at least 5 badges and 2 for the DAO in general. So in this session the task was to brainstorm about the badges that we can have in gatherings for the activities that we have already done and for the future ones.

<aside>
ðŸ—£ **Discussion & Questions**

</aside>

**Rohit: Is this proposal open for voting now  (for the badges proposal)?**

**Joshua:** I don't remember if we already made votes for that, but as far as I know we just have to make ideas about the different badges and then I think we will create a proposal to vote for all those badges.

**Joshua:** I would love to know if you have any ideas about badges we could have, to brainstorm and discuss them.

**Julieta: I think a good badge would be one that is about being active in the discord community in general in the channels. I know it might fit into the WG's Community Building task but I'm not sure. What do you think?**

**Joshua:** Yes, I think that idea could go in for the whole DAO and not just gatherings, let me add it. For example,I just thought of one that could be for "Having attended a real life event" but it would be entered for the entire DAO let write it.

**Rohit: How could we know what it means to be active in the discord community and server? I think it can be a difficult thing to define in different uses?**

**Joshua:** Very good question, I think first we would have to have what it means and describe what it is to be active for everyone. And sometimes the server is overwhelmed. Some discord members don't like that and there are others that do, in my case I love it but, it would be important to define that first.

**Rohit:** I think we could add a badges about creating notion documents or completing workgroup tasks?

**Joshua:** Yes, I think in the governance document there is a similar one called "Task Working Group Participation" we could use the same one but name it differently. Do you have any idea of a name?

**Rohit:** I think we could instead create one that is about organizing events in real life?

**Joshua:** Yes, in terms of Gatherings WG in this idea I think we could add one referring to the search for events that was the first key result, for example it was a task that Amanda, Aisha and Julieta did at the beginning of the season. But for example the badge that would look good for gatherings would be "Gatherings Researcher" and we can divide it in two:

![Untitled](Ninth%20Meeting%205350fbb2bb9a492e96fe1bb0cba17256/Untitled.png)

**Rohit:** Yes, that makes sense.

**Joshua:** I just thought of a badge that would be good which is one that is about "Create an application process for these events" so this could be another one.

**Julieta:** Yes, it just came to my mind that within this badges we could create a division to create the application forms and a second one concerning review, and this last one can be directed to the creation of notion pages compiling the answers of the builders who applied etc.

**Joshua:** If I think I understood it right, we could divide it into "Application Master" budge.

**Julieta:** Yes!

**Joshua:** Great! Then if more ideas come up during the week you can go in and edit the document, put your ideas in comments and we can discuss those ideas asynchronously. Or you can send me a message, that would be awesome!

*At the end of the meeting these were the proposals emptied on the notion page*

![Untitled](Ninth%20Meeting%205350fbb2bb9a492e96fe1bb0cba17256/Untitled%201.png)

<aside>
ðŸš¨ **Task for the Week**

</aside>

*For all Gatherings WG: Contribute and add new ideas for badges in our brainstorming that we can discuss asynchronously or share in the next session.*