# Second Meeting

Date: July 21, 2022
Recording : https://drive.google.com/file/d/1p4zMHJKRCT4JbRxlKtYNyplAC-y0lmML/view?usp=sharing

<aside>
🧊 **Introduction & Icebreaker**

</aside>

We waited five minutes before starting the session, after which Joshua welcomed everyone to this new working group and introduced the agenda for the session:

- Answer questions if there were any about our first meeting
- Introduce new members to Clarity (if they already have their SkywalkerZ)
- Discuss Key Results for Season 2
- Start looking for web3 events that align with Key Result 1
- Distribute the first task for the next week

<aside>
📙 **Lecture**

</aside>

- Joshua explained the general dynamics and what the Gatherings WG is in charge of for people who were not there the the kickoff session - mission: “We create seamless travel, speakership, and learning experiences at IRL regen web3 events around the world”.
- Our current tasks we have to accomplish are:

    - Maintain a calendar of relevant web3 events
    - Support members to apply / participate in web3 conferences
    - Design and promote Dream DAO events and meet-ups
    - Handle all aspects of IRL event planning and logistics
    - Administer POAPs for Dream DAO events
    - Work closely with Partnerships WG to get sponsors & cohosts
    - Create swag for members to rock at events

- Joshua explained the key results, you can read them in this [document](https://www.notion.so/817a320e2163402e9d484133637db26e?pvs=21).

<aside>
🗣 **Discussion & Questions**

</aside>

- Shreya: **What are some tasks that know we are being assigned, like at the moment?**
    - Joshua: We already identify five events that builders can attend but we want to have a big database with a lot of events cause we need to identify those perfect events that fits with Dream DAO’s mission and our first task as a group is to look what interest you more about web3 events so everybody can start researching web3 conferences that we can go.
    - Saf: I will just add that the events have already been assigned to this list, but if you want to add another event, I think it would be really helpful. And add comments on why you are interested in those events, that help the Dream DAO team to drive in those events, which is really helpful.
    - Joshua: Yes, we could also talk about the event you are most interested in and something that you want to share about that event in the next session.
    - Saf Raza: Yes, but by the same talk don't wait for tasks to be assigned, feel free to contribute on Discord and tasks as needed.
- Herman: **Can we also apply and attend some conferences? Is there any limit?**
    - Joshua: Yes, you are going to help us identify those events, not to decide which people will attend the conferences. Those tasks are for the DAO Council. After we identify the two events and the application is sent, you can apply.
- Rohit: **Is there any limit of the two events that the builders can attend in the DAO?**
    - Joshua: I think that for this season builders will have limited spots to attend the events/conferences, but as far as I know we are going to permit one spot free per builder.
- Herman: **How can I collaborate and be active in the community to have good participation?**
    - Joshua: It's amazing that you want to collaborate in this way! Your are part of Gatherings WG, so you are rocking right now! Dream DAO have more working groups so if you want to collaborate in another one you can ( you can participate in two working groups this season), and we also have "Learning Together Sessions" where you can learn more about the ecosystem, it would be perfect if you could check them out.
    
    <aside>
    🚨 **Task for the Week**
    
    </aside>
    
    Our first task (everyone can participate in it) is to research the potential list of events + review and comment on the ones we already have in this [document](https://www.notion.so/040671d661bb4d478e638266db8529b0?pvs=21) for our next weekly meeting.