# Seventh Meeting

Date: September 3, 2022

<aside>
ðŸ§Š **Introduction & Icebreaker**

</aside>

***Prompt: How was your week?***

Joshua ðŸ˜Ž :

Aisha:

Fernando ðŸ˜Ž: It was great, maybe a lot of homework but it was great.

Julieta ðŸŽ‡:

<aside>
ðŸ“™ **Lecture**

</aside>

To start Joshua presents the two principal key points to discuss:

1. Rohitâ€™s draft proposal about Learning Artifacts for web3 conferences/events (Prabhat explains the follow document: [Dream DAO IRL Learning Artefact](https://www.notion.so/Dream-DAO-IRL-Learning-Artefact-685da69773b84c5ba5684ef7fd6c094e?pvs=21))
2. Discussion About Key Results 3, 4 & 5 (Joshua gave explained the last part of the following document, to update us on the activities, tasks, and objectives that we have accomplished and what are the next ones: [Gatherings WG Objectives](../../Gatherings%20WG%20Objectives%20d3d57a006b2941f5a3c1d374f9795478.md) )

<aside>
ðŸ—£ **Discussion & Questions**

</aside>

- **Joshua:** Well, letÂ´s review our Key Results for Season 2 in our Gathering Group.
- **Joshua:** First of all, we have the first key result that was identifying the events for our season, in this case, we completed our key result.
- **Joshua:** Secondly, we have the second key result which was to create an application about the event for our season, in this case, we completed our key result when Julieta created a Draft with the proposal, also when Dariel and Fernando created the Information Package for the trip and also when we use JulietaÂ´s proposal to create the application form for Devcon Bogota. Also, I have to say that we completed this key result since we hoped that at least 10 builders could apply to this opportunity and we received 12 applications, I hope that in future opportunities we receive even more.
- **Joshua:** Then, we have the third key result which is to help with the documentation for the builders selected in our application, here I have to say that we must ensure that applicants are aware of the documentation that is involved to travel to Colombia, also I have to tell you that we have completed a background check for Saf and Carl, who are going to be the chaperones of this trip. The important thing here is that we need to ensure that no one who is accepted to attend the event is unable t make it due to trouble with their documentation.
- **Fernando:** Yes Josh, I agree with you, I consider that we can help like, when we get the 10 builders who were selected in this application, we can contact them and continue a process with each one on how they are taking the processes of their documentation in case they need them.
- **Joshua:** Yes, in this case, Dariel has this task to check all the things related to Airbnb and the flights, so we can talk to him and find a way to help with the process of the documentation for selected applicants.
- **Fernando:** It's okay Josh.
- **Ibtehaj:** Well in my case I need a Visa to get to Colombia, so for me, it would be great if we can have a timeline for the trip and processes because if I get selected, I will have to do all of these processes and I would like to be organized in this.
- **Joshua:** Ohh, yes Ibtehaj I can say that to Madson but I think we will have this timeline after the selection process. Also, you can ask Madison about these and you can work on it as a task.
- **Ibtehaj:** Yes, Thanks.
- **Joshua:** Well, next we have our four key results which are to send the DreamerZ off, what am I referring to this? that after the previous 3 points, we need to check all of the things that are happening with our builders, if they are comfortable with the trip if they are attending the sessions if they are enjoying the events, etc. In this case, the chaperones are going to take a role by checking all of these, but in my opinion, I consider that this is a work in both parts, chaperones can help with checking all of this, but also each of the builders that are taking the event must help by themselves because if they applied for this event they did it because they want to learn and to approach this opportunity so I consider this is a work in both parts.
- **Fernando:** Yes, I agree with you Josh that this is a work of both parts, and also I consider that a way in which we can help is maybe doing like an agenda or something during the trip in which builders and Chaperones can do a checklist of the events and trips, also for the activities, and then we can do a post-event survey, in which builders and Chaperones can share their thoughts, feelings, and that stuff, like how it was the trip, if they enjoyed it, if they attend all the activities, etc.
- **Joshua:** Yes, I think it is a good idea, let me check it and I tell you in our next session.
- **Joshua:** Well, our last key result is to share the DreamerZâ€™s experiences and discuss whatâ€™s ahead, I think this is what we were talking about previously, we need to identify different avenues for sharing, learning, and enjoying experiences and we need to help builders taking time to reflect in the travel. I consider that at least 3 weeks after the trip is a good period to ask the builders to share their thoughts and feelings doing a Learning Artifact.
- **Fernando:** Yes, it is great.
- **Joshua:** OK. so to conclude this session, I just want to say that at this moment they are happening the snapshot to select the 10 builders that are going to Devcon, so donâ€™t forget to vote, the snapshot is finishing on Tuesday, so after that, we are going to need a person to do the Bounty for checking the results of the selected builders.
- **Julieta:** I can help with that.
- **Ibtehaj:** Me too.
- **Joshua:** OK. So this is everything on the agenda if someone wants to say something.
- **Fernando:** Well, I just want to say to Josh that I can help with the note of todayÂ´s session.
- **Joshua:** Oh. Itâ€™s great, yes please do it.
- **Julieta:** I just also want to say that I can help count the votes for the selection.
- **Joshua:** Mmmm, let me ask Madison if you can do that because as you are part of the applicants I donâ€™t know if it looks good for you to do it, but let me check it.
- **Julieta:** Oh, it's okay.
- **Joshua:** So, this was everything for todayâ€™s session, Fernando is in charge of the notes, have a great weekend.
- **Julieta:** Thanks.
- **Fernando:** Thanks everyone, have a great weekend.

<aside>
ðŸš¨ **Task for the Week**

</aside>

- Fernando: Will take the notes for this session.