# Tenth meeting

Date: September 24, 2022
Recording : https://drive.google.com/file/d/1z-L09v5uHrXj49Iy43ZiITcXxRM2frqo/view?usp=sharing

<aside>
ðŸ§Š **Introduction & Icebreaker**

</aside>

*Add your favorite emoji and answerâ€¦If you had to become an animal, what would it be?*

Joshua:

Madison:

Julieta:

Fernando:

<aside>
ðŸ“™ **Lecture**

</aside>

We started by having an Icebreaker talk with the builders in attendance. Joshua started by presenting the key point that we had to solve during the session which was:

Â° Add new ideas of merit badges and review if there was any feedback of the brainstorming of the last session.

For this Joshua read the following document created by GatheringsÂ  WG in the 9th session

([https://www.notion.so/cucrew/Merit-Badges-08117b0d610b45e5a17b87eb907f353a](../../Documentation%20f50072dede0842d38cc276f0fde76a0e/Documentation%20db789829c0044519b7d9641e4dfe27be/Merit%20Badges%2008117b0d610b45e5a17b87eb907f353a.md))

<aside>
ðŸ—£ **Discussion & Questions**

</aside>

Joshua: So far we only have four ideas for badges, so we have two more to go. Do you have any ideas?

Madison: I think having those four for the time being is perfect! There is no certain number that you have to have.

Joshua: Great! Also, if you have any new ideas during the week, feel free to add them.

Joshua: Moving on to the second item on our agenda we need to look at the transportation from Devcon to the hotel and from the hotel to the airport, Madison I think you had already done a search on that, right?

Madison: Yes, the hotel has this transportation

Joshua: Yes, just to make sure I could call the hotel and confirm how it would work with the three different groups of Darien assigned to us upon arrival.

Madison: That would be great! Thank you for calling them.

Joshua: Another point I wanted to ask, Fernando in the meeting you had at LT you commented that Mashia had said something about an alliance at Devcon?

Fernando: It was Camila, not Mashia. She told us that if someone from Dream DAO would attend Devcon, because she thought it was a good idea for us to do something together. But, it seems to me that Madison was at the meeting.

Joshua: Oh, I'm sorry, I didn't know that. So Marion, you were already covering that?

Madison: Yes!

<aside>
ðŸš¨ **Task for the Week**

</aside>

If you have new ideas, add them to the corresponding Notion or add your comments.