# Third Meeting

Date: July 28, 2022
Recording : https://drive.google.com/file/d/10X7wwVI0dw8vhYiS4xYpwwfuvIylfnwC/view?usp=sharing

<aside>
🧊 **Introduction & Icebreaker**

</aside>

*Prompt: With unlimited resources, where is the first place you’d want to travel?*

- Joshua: Paris 🇫🇷
- Julieta 🎇: Canadian Rocky Mountains

<aside>
📙 **Lecture**

</aside>

- **Onboarding to Clarity:** Joshua began to explain the general dynamics of how to log in to Clarity, which is summarized in the following points while screen sharing during the session: ‣
    - Within the explanation we had in the session, we had some technical problems regarding being able to add our role and enter the groups in Clarity, so if you can't add it, please share it in the Discord group or sending a private message with Joshua.
- We continue reading the overview of Aisha's researched event which was the **"Zebu Event"**
    - You can find it here: ‣

<aside>
🗣 **Discussion & Questions**

</aside>

**Zebu Live Event**

- **Madison:** Yeah, this is cool, I would say the big thing is like even is not web3 social impact focus, like there's not a lot of conferences that are, so that's okay. But I would say we need to be certain that the builders have a big web3 social impact there. There are a lot of events that we need the review to send people there and find relevant partnerships, and like relevant champions. Maybe if we wanted to do this, we need to do some research and try to get some polls even is not in conference there other like social impact things going on in conference.
- **Joshua:** Also I agree with that, if other people are interested in this event we can like search more about what are going to happen there, and how we can get from that, and then we can like to add those to the current list that we have right now, and we can check that in the next week.
- **Joshua:**  That's a very good point, I think that we have some events in our database I don't know if anyone of here research it about that, I know that Julieta did some research also, but I don't know in which events did you research it Julieta.
- **Julieta:**  I did research about the first event of the principal database of gatherings that are the first in the Devcon Bogotá, NFT Show Europe, World Blockchain Summit & Blockchain Expo Europe 2022. The principal event that I liked more, and I interested more is the Devcon Bogotá. Mainly because of the date, since, it is in October, and it would give us more time to organize everything in a better way, also this event covers in a much more general way the web 3, which I consider that it would be the best for what we are looking for now unlike some other events like Blockchain Expo Europe 2022 that its focus is on market and industry.

**Devcon Bogotá**

- **Saf:** For Devcon we actually also have a partnership with the organizers, and they said they could guarantee some tickets for the builders to go there. I know Devcon is really hard to come by, so that's a beneficial thing. I asked about some tickets for us to do that, I haven't heard about that from them yet. But, yes, I will do that.
- **Joshua:** Sounds very interesting. So if Madison and Saf have more information that might help, feel free to add that to our database document. So, we will move on to the next part about NFT Europe.

**NFT Show Europe**

- **Madison:** I think that is kind the same question that I had for all, the two big things like having our builders learn and like make connection of people and also to get partnerships and founding, and so I think just like having the right people there in the right sessions is really important, if that make sense.
- J**oshua:** Yeah, we need to investigate more about the events and focus more on why this event fits with Dream Dao and answer this questions:
    - To know which people is perfect to fit with
    - Why it is going to benefit Dream Dao (social impact?)
    - How that can help to Dream Dao and help the builders to know more events
    - Potencial connections, champs + guests speakers
- **Madison:** Yes, it's amazing that they've done all this research, from listing the events and how they're going to be working across the board. But, we also have to look at the quality of the conferences and focus. Likewise if we don't find really valuable events, we could send a lot of people to Devcon and that would have a very high value. But, don't feel pressured to attend more than one, that will be super valuable for us.
- **Fernando:** Yeah, I'm going to search more about some of them that I feel interest about, and I don't know, I think that for our next session we could talk about this. Maybe is not just about the topic but also is about like prices, we need to search about events that be great for all of us.

**Questions**

- Ibtehaj: ** Is there anything we can do to have a decision or conclusion for the next meeting?**
    - Joshua: I think that we can like this week research more about like the events that we have in our database, which ones are very interesting for you. d0rg recommend us some events (an organization where Joshua currently work with Aisha) we can make questions and try to answers by researching more information about that and focus in the dream DAO mission.
- Julieta: **If we find more events of interest, can we add them to the database list we have, or would it be better to share the event in the discord community?**
    - Joshua: The best thing would be for us to investigate in depth about the events we already have, however I think that if you consider it a perfect fit with Dream DAO, we could add it to the list of events.

<aside>
🚨 **Task for the Week**

</aside>

Continue researching the events that we already have and now focus on Dream DAO’s Mission, Social Impact, Future Champs + Guest Speakers and builders.