# Twelfth Meeting

Date: October 22, 2022
Recording : https://drive.google.com/file/d/1h7Wm4Ydd4epavk_MJljas9KEXzBWVPjU/view?usp=sharing

<aside>
ðŸ§Š **Introduction & Icebreaker**

</aside>

Wich Christmas or Hallowen?

Joshua:

Amanda:

Julieta:

Fernando:

<aside>
ðŸ“™ **Lecture**

</aside>

Joshua began by presenting the three important points that were discussed in the session:

- The Notion with the contact trackers.
- A small discussion about a brainstorming of keyresults for this season, in case you have any questions or feedback.

Joshua presented the following document () where as an important point he mentioned that once the contact list was complete, a good task for the working group gatherings or partnerships would be to start contacting them and find out if they would be interested in learning more about DreamDAO and how to connect, apply to be champions, connect in a LT, etc.

As a second point Joshua explained that we had five keyresults to complete this season and that we had already covered all of them, because we were already completing our Learning Artifact which is the fifth goal to do. Joshua said that we need to have more in order by the end of the season and that he was talking to some members of the working group about what we could start doing to continue the search for events and hackathons that are going to happen in the next year.

<aside>
ðŸ—£ **Discussion & Questions**

</aside>

Key Results:

- Continue researching for web3 events/conferences/hackathons for next seasons.
- Research grants to sponsor trips.
- More time to research + take action

**Amanda:** Yes, two things, first we should start looking for events and how to get tickets, because we may sell out and some people have to do their passport paperwork. The other thing is that I think we should have a list of potential grants to found trips, because we've been operating for almost a year now and we need to manage expenses and people to pay, etc.

**Joshua:** Yes, I can add this to the Council meeting we are going to have, I think it is a very good idea especially for travel. I think Blu3DAO sponsored the trip of fifteen participants for ETHBogota and they told me that Polygon sponsors them and supports them in the founds for the trips, and they train people to go to the hackathons. For example here there are a lot of people who have a background and want to go to a hackathon like Julieta and you Amanda. So I think it's a good idea not only for travel but also for hackathons and we can find some potential and very powerful grants that DreamDAO can have.

**Amanda:** Yeah, and you know we could also have some DreamDAO event in individual, you know we need more money to do more things. We've already done some trips that were amazing and helpful but, it would also be nice if we could have grants specifically for conferences, events, etc.

Joshua: So if anyone else has any other comments?

**Julieta:** Not at the moment, I was going to propose the same as Amanda so.

**Joshua:** Perfect, I was also going to comment that maybe it would be good for us to pay attention to the key result that talks about helping builders with documentation for travel, that when I was working on this key result with Saf we thought that we were not going to have to do a lot of research, because since we are from different countries it might be difficult to search for other countries. So maybe for next season it would be good if we could ask the builders for all the requirements and support for these travel arrangements before the trip and not after applying.

**Amanda:** Amm I think we don't have to do the search for others, I think instead we need more time. For example for the passport I didn't know if I could have it in one month, I had to take the risk, two months would have been better. Some people didn't go to Devcon because their life was rejected and they applied for it three weeks before the trip, what would have happened if they had applied for it six or eight weeks before. So I think we could choose the events and the people who are going to go with more time to be able to have a longer period of time.

**Ibtehaj:** Yeah, also I think another thing is that for example I didn't even know how we ended up deciding that we would go to Devcon, because there was a list of events at the beginning of the season but what made us choose Devcon is not rush, I think it needs to be more properly done so that they don't back out at the last minute if that makes sense.

**Joshua:** Yeah, at the time we decided it was a better event because we already had the tickets and the discounts, some champions were going too, it was going to be a really cool event because of that.

Amanda: I think we could then make a list of events that we want to go to and from there look for support and discounts to get the tickets, for example at the beginning of January or February 2023.

**Ibtehaj:** Well, actually when the second season started I'm a little bit lost on the timing.

**All:** It was in July

**Ibtehaj:** Ok, so I think in the first two weeks we already had the list of events, why did it take so long to put everything into action?

**Joshua:** Yeah, maybe it was because we had the tickets before the search but, then we had the free tickets, maybe that's your answer.

**Amanda:** Yeah, I don't know I think it was because of the time it took us to open the applications for the builders to go, I think we could do better on the time issue. Because for example, you also have to prepare financially for these trips, in Colombia it was cheap but for example if there is a trip to Europe you have to prepare financially with time for that.

**Joshua:** Yes, I will add this, to be able to improve on the time issue for the next season so that everything can work better.

<aside>
ðŸš¨ **Task for the Week**

</aside>