# #2 - Governance WG Meeting - Roadmap

Date: February 17, 2023
Recording: ../dream-dao-governance2023-02-171607.webm
Phase: Phase 3

ðŸŒ±**GM! Glad you joined the session!** 

### *Icebreaker*

**Prompt: What are your plans for the weekend?**

[Attendees were unable to respond because of permission issues]

- Aditya:
- Amanda:
- Aryan:
- David:
- Ibtehaj:
- Shaan:

## And weâ€™re starting... Now! ðŸš€

<aside>
ðŸ“¢ Whatâ€™s up w/ the tasks?

## Updates:

</aside>

## **GWG roadmap for Season 3**

- We have a more refined document for OKRs!
    
    ## 1. Improve the Voting processes and increase turnout
    
    ### Ensure quorum
    
    - We were unable to reach the quorum in [Proposal #68](https://snapshot.org/#/thedreamdao.eth/proposal/0x025242dee2bc54fc9f8ba04eb9b725f4d37679e0059b334a47f2fb8b1c38a3ee).
        - The proposal had wide consensus (all 10 members voted yes to the proposal).
        - We had to put it up for a vote again, and it passed 17:1:2 (For : Against : Abstain).
    - Reaching the quorum is essential.
        - We cannot implement a proposal if enough people donâ€™t vote on it (even if the proposal has a wide consensus).
        - If a well-thought-out proposal (that enjoys wide consensus) fails to pass due to a lack of quorum, then DAO operations might get affected by the delay.
            - Imagine if an important proposal (like change in the election system) doesnâ€™t pass on time because of a lack of quorum.
    - The current quorum is 11.
        - Does this need to be changed?
    - Reaching the quorum might not be an issue once S3 builders are able to vote.
        - However, this issue is a symptom of a deeper problem.
            - Members of the DAO should be able to spare a couple of minutes a week to go through the proposals and vote on them.
            - Should there be more incentives for people to vote?
                - We already have POAPs and merit badges.
                    - But only very few members mint them.
    - Shutter voting makes it hard to know how many people have voted while the election is still ongoing.
        - This means we might not be able to know if the proposal will reach the quorum before the voting ends.
    
    ### Refine the process
    
    - Current process
        - Proposal submitted to Agreements Coordinator (Anytime during the week)
        - Submission(s) sent out for feedback (Monday)
        - Time for Feedback: (Monday to Thursday)
        - Proposal(s) sent to voting (Friday)
        - Time for voting (Friday to Sunday)
    - Problems
        - There is no â€˜re-workingâ€™ phase
            - There is no mechanism for incorporating feedback into the proposal, especially if the feedback is substantial.
            - If the community gives substantial feedback on the proposal, the proposers only have two choices:
                - Continue with the original proposal. This forces them to ignore valuable suggestions and criticisms
                - Decide not to go forward with the proposal. This leaves the proposal in an uncomfortable limbo.
    - Solutions
        - We can research other DAOs/web3 organizations for inspiration
        - 
    
    ## 2. Achieve consensus on some long-standing question(s)
    
    ### DAO membership
    
    - This has been a long-standing issue that we might want to take on this Season.
    - We will need to have discussions about inactive members and if we need to come up with a system for offboarding them.
    - We can look at other DAOs/web3 organizations for inspiration.
    - Since this will impact every member of the DAO, we might need to consult with people outside the Working Group.
    - 
    
    ## 3. A better election system for Season 4
    
    ### Election system requirements
    
    - Anonymous voting is a must.
    - The results of the election should be easily verifiable by the members of the DAO.
    - The whole process should be transparent and resistant to tampering.
    - A web3 native solution will be ideal.
    
    Currently, no system that satisfies all these criteria exists. We might have to relax some of these requirements or go for an in-house solution. 
    
    ### Improve processes and documentation for holding elections.
    
    - Proper documentation on how to setup Elections
    - Creating a more transparent Election Committee
    - Guidelines around campaigning
        - Might add video manifestos
    - Learn from past experiences
    
    ## 4. Improve and document the Membership Application process
    
    ### Problems
    
    - The whole process of evaluating applicants was haphazard.
        - Members were scrambling to meet the deadline.
        - There were last-minute changes to the evaluation rubric.
    - The current process isnâ€™t scalable.
        - If the current trend (of the number of applicants) continues, we might have to evaluate well over a hundred applicants!
    - The current process isnâ€™t fair enough.
        - Since any member can evaluate any applicant, it makes the whole process too subjective.
        - This also might introduce potential conflicts of interest.
    
    ### Solutions
    
    - A committee of experienced builders and champions can be chosen to evaluate all applicants.
    - Members of such a committee could be properly instructed on how to score applicants using a DAO-approved rubric.
    - 
    
    ### Documentation
    
    - Proper documentation on how to evaluate applicants
    - Coming up with a system to form a transparent Application Committee
    - Guidelines around evaluation
    - Learn from past experiences
    - 
    
    ## ***Activities:***
    
    ### Exploring how Tech can be used to streamline DAO operations
    
    - Discord Bot
        - Find out if an in-house bot would be useful and feasible for the DAO
    - Automating (the tedious parts of) recurring roles
        - We might look into automating the POAP distribution
    - Nutshell
        - See if tools like nutshell should be integrated into our longer-form documents and explainers.
        - Iâ€™ll add a proper Nutshell Demo here soon, but for now, feel free to try it out [here](https://ncase.me/nutshell/).
    
    ### Facilitating the Membership Renewal process.
    
    - Related to OKR 2
    
- Roadmap/Timeline for the OKRs
    - S3 is from January to June/July

## Discussion:

- OKR 1
    - Aditya: [Described the first part of the OKR]
        - David: Are other votes getting over the Quorum?
            - Aditya: DAO-wide proposals barely achieve quorum if we donâ€™t repeatedly ask people to vote.
        - David: People are disinterested in voting.
            - We should have a Discord conversation about this. We need to remind people why voting is important.
            - Shaan: We need to give S3 builders SkyWalkerZ to allow them to vote.
        - Aditya: The problem will be solved after S3 builders get to vote. But this is a symptom of a larger problem (inactivity is increasing amongst DAO members).
            - David: This inactivity could also be caused because there havenâ€™t been many proposals lately. Also, the last few proposals were between Seasons (which might have led to fewer voters as more members temporarily unplugged from the DAO).
            
            We should just send out a few messages to remind people that the new Season has started and why they should vote before changing the process.
    - Aditya: [Described the second part of the OKR]
        - David: What if we shift the voting time to Monday too? Every Monday, new proposals are sent out for comments, and older ones are sent out for vote (or are announced to be abandoned). The deadline for comments is still Thursday. Over the weekend, proposers can decide if they amend their proposal and if they want to go forward with it at all.  This also ensures that people who unplug during the weekend also get to vote.
            - Aditya: This is a pretty interesting idea!
- OKR 2
    - Aditya: [Described the OKR]
    - David: There are a lot of interesting discussions to be had here.
        - How big should the DAO be?
        - Should we deboard inactive users or just let them be?
        
        This might interact with our SkyWalkerZ system.
        
- OKR 3
    - Aditya: [Described the first part of the OKR]
        - David: We looked into this last season too. But were unable to find anything. We might have to make one ourselves.
    - Aditya: [Described the second part of the OKR]
        - David: We might want to make the process less dry by making the applications a bit more personal. For e.g. by having video manifestos.
- OKR 4
    - Aditya: [Described the OKR]
    - David: I agree that there should be a committee.
- Activities
    - Aditya: [Described the Tech activity]
        - David: Nutshell can be very useful for informative/explainer documents. We can try put the original DAO manifesto in a Nutshell.
        - Aditya: We should ask people with recurring roles about this.
    - Aditya: [Described the Membership activity]

## Tasks:

Aditya:

- Ask Adarsh (Agreements Coordinator) if the E-mail/Discord messaging can be improved.
- Create notes of the meeting.
- Send out these OKRs to WG members via email/discord
- Send a lettuce meet link to decide on a new meeting

## **Next meeting ideas:**