# Governance WG Meeting - #14 - Merit System for Compensations / Checking Contributions

Date: June 11, 2022
Recording: ../video1369782892.mp4
Phase: Phase 1

üå±**GM! Glad you joined the session!** 

### *Icebreaker*

**Prompt: From your own leadership experience, how would you encourage underperforming workers / members?**

- Prof: I get down to the level of the issues and have an honest conversation on what is going on with them with respect to the work product (do they not enjoy it, is it too hard, do they need assistance / support) and try to connect on personal level to see if it stretches beyond the work and I can help.
- David: Find out what makes them passionate, and help them apply what they love. Or shift to tough love if that doesn‚Äôt work. Also, break down the work into smaller chunks if the issue is they are overwhelmed
- Aditya: Sometimes all that they need to get back on track is a simple task that they can complete easily. It gives them a sense of accomplishment.
- Shaan: I usually put extra emphasis on how to create recursive meaningful interactions with other members they see performing better in the areas they are particularly underperforming in.

### Contents

- **Updates**
- **Election Process Overview**
- **Tasks**

## And we‚Äôre starting... Now! üöÄ

<aside>
üì¢ What‚Äôs up w/ the tasks?

## Updates

1. **Clarity**
Onboarding resources will be: Crash Course for the WG Leads + Clarity LT 
Crash Course will be based on Clarity bootcamp (a bit tweaked to fit our purpose / timeline though) and led be Richie!
LT will happen right after the Crash Course, on July 16
2. **Elections** 
Started searching for candidates - the form is open 
Problem: not enough ppl applying
</aside>

## üéñÔ∏èMerit System Design doc

**The main part of our today‚Äôs meeting! 

Check out the Design doc we‚Äôll discuss today:** 

[https://app.clarity.so/dreamdao/notes/04de99b3-951f-4b3c-8b8e-10ba60d580b9](https://app.clarity.so/dreamdao/notes/04de99b3-951f-4b3c-8b8e-10ba60d580b9)

## Tasks:

- Async feedback from the WG on the **Merit System doc**
- **Rework the doc by the next meeting (*by Friday, June 18*) - Merit System Task Group**
- Create a proposal after the design doc is finalized (*deadline ~ June 23*) - *???*
- Add Tyler, Aditya to the Task Group

## **Next meeting - Continuing the sync work on the Merit System!**

- Merit System