# Grants WG â€” Call #3

Date: February 17, 2023
Recording: https://app.butter.us/recording/5dadc95b-5a9d-44bf-87c6-69c16c8c3e74
Phase: Phase 3
Status: Done

**GM everyone, welcome to our #3rd Call!** 

### *Icebreaker*

Please type your name for attendance and answer the Icebreaker below ðŸ™‚

**Prompt: Whatâ€™s a word or phrase in another language (or your own) that you really like?**

- Amanda: lullaby and flipflops
- Ibtehaj:
- Carl: kipilefti (Swahili â€” roundabout traffic circle)
- Eunice: Axolotl (Water monster, but also the little cute pink fish)
- Aditya: Juggernaut (from Hindi/Sanskrit *Jagganath,* it means a huge, powerful, and overwhelming force)
- Aayush: cul-de-sac (sounds fancy)
- Harry: Pura Vida (simple/pure life - kinda just means a relaxed and happy life but is a greeting in Costa Rica)
- Aryan: Grace
- Jon: Shaka ðŸ¤™

<aside>
ðŸ“¢ Whatâ€™s up w/ the projects and tasks?

## Updates

1. ðŸ”´ **Reminder for me to record the meeting!**
2. We have sent the DAO Drops nomination so we are now waiting for a response
3. Cartesi; workshop hosting + interest in further partnership (e.g explorers host)
4. Will update the OKRs with all of your feedbacks this weekend
</aside>

## Discussion

**The main part of our todayâ€™s meeting!** 

Thoughts & Ideas:

- **We have to apply for [Artizen Fund Application](../../../../Document%20Archive%20816b78f2e0c6400e8ce641cdd07e5402/Dream%20DAO%20Working%20Groups%20Home%20Season%201%204d1702104a2f4180a27e92b0510bd283/Dream%20DAO%20Phase%201%20Working%20Groups%20c53752864e064f6da1b9f1c4ed1019ba/Partnerships%20WG%2044c8812d987940fc8290babae3d679e1/Artizen%20Fund%20Grant%20Application%20%5Bnot%20submitted%5D%207461766708984c17886c0e5da7931410.md), *any feedback on how the answers look?*** 

****
- [**Pitch Deck brainstorm (https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/142tFWhxu9SUfmjeOahia5wHN62ls2GWZ, https://help.artizen.fund/en/articles/4759880-pitch-deck-guidelines)**](https://help.artizen.fund/en/articles/4759880-pitch-deck-guidelines)

â†’ Letâ€™s take 5-7 minutes to go through the above links and also the the S2 pitch deck draft `below`

[https://docs.google.com/document/d/19j74C1sXkvcc8RwmD9K3Ik30vg5KcN93AA6HLZKQHWo/edit?usp=sharing](https://docs.google.com/document/d/19j74C1sXkvcc8RwmD9K3Ik30vg5KcN93AA6HLZKQHWo/edit?usp=sharing)

Amanda: should this be a bounty? can we somehow use the presentation Tim and Harry did for Kickoff call and just improve it by adding more info?

Carl: add pics of the builders + what the accomplished

Amanda: small subtitle below pics with builders testimonial or something, a short sentence

Harry: add a graphic with all projects we usually interact with + champions that work with these different orgs 

Carl: we can highlight 2-3 champions like in the builders testimonials; Carl with Protocol Labs; Julia with Forefront

Jon: use canva, pitch, use a template to do these graphics 

## Tasks:

(update the task database with these later @Amanda Maritan)

- Pitch deck
- Update/proofread the application
- Check with Arath for the census on diversity so we can add on the pitch deck;

### Thoughts on this call? What to improve?

- have weekly shorter meetings; more on activity
- apps etc do it more async

> Thank you for coming!
> 

[](Grants%20WG%20%E2%80%94%20Call%20#3%2033a55ee7eb1640de8d6c1dec96badef4/Untitled%201f3ac2224cee49d0ad8b81ceed682f7f.csv)