# Amanda Garcia Maritan

Demonstrated commitment: I have been in the DAO Learning working group as a contributor and co-leading with Allison, as well as attending LT sessions, and helping with Twitter recap threads and notes inside the Documentation WG. On my own, I do read the notes and threads from LT sessions I missed + watch the recordings, as well as read articles and news surrounding the web3 space. I will also take part as a Dream DAO blogger during the coming weeks, sharing my experience in DD until now.

Anything else: I would really enjoy interning in the management/operations side of an organization, or even in communications. I am also open to research, I am not tech-savvy, but I do like to learn and explore different topics related to the environment, social causes, and future thinking.
Ideal host sites: Celo Foundation, for being aligned with my values and ideas when it comes to social issues, especially the prosperity approach they have. As a passionate person about sociology studies, I have been debating, researching, and studying a lot when it comes to developing not just financial, but also life prosperity, when it comes to certain communities, from the social sciences point of view. I would love to contribute to Celo’s mission as well as take a step in how they use the web3 space to act in such a broad and difficult issue which is the lack of financial prosperity for most of us in our capitalist world.

FWB (friends with benefits) launched the FWB Fellowship to support artistic creators and thinkers in web3, I would be very interested in interning inside the operations (working group) of the fellowship.

What you can contribute?: I believe I can contribute with my written communication skills, creativity, and attention to detail when it comes to soft skills. I do write a lot (essays, dissertations, articles, and creative writing), this can be very supportive when it comes to orgs’ communications roles/areas + I have been in the theater (as an actress and creator) and I improved a lot my teamworking and interpersonal skills, as well as problem-solving and creativity. I do know how to deal with documentation and meetings. I have been developing project proposal + pitching skills in my GCYA experience. I’m organized and resilient, eager for new experiences, and an easy learner. My curiosity and love for challenges allow me to do stuff I never actually learned about before because it incentives me to look forward to the new and necessary knowledge needed to accomplish the task by myself.

Why applying?: In 2019 I took a vocational course run by psychologists that uses Holland’s personality theory. After 9 months of studies, we concluded that my personality fits the Enterprising Artistic type. However, besides fitting (theoretically) the entrepreneurship area, I have never been interested in this side until getting into web3. Since I came to the DAO and discovered the coordination, management, and operations side of a web3 org I have become more open and interested in exploring this career pathway as long as it happens inside the web3 space. I want to become a Dream DAO explorer not only to have a deeper knowledge about web3, and for being a fan of hands-on-working experience as a learning method, but also to experience through an internship the operations side of a web3 x social impact org, whilst in a Gap Year preparing for college applications, and help me understand and re-discover this important decision (career pathway) I might have to re-take until the end of the year. 

When it comes to what excites me the most about web 3 are the opportunities. When it comes to abroad opportunities, as a Brazilian, everything is limited (resources, opportunities, money) or too much (requirements, bureaucracy, experience), so is very hard to achieve this goal of taking part in international projects/organizations/opportunities. Web3 just makes all of this easier, welcoming, and allows us to learn while we take action; is much more accessible. I feel like this is the ‘’allowing those that are very interested and have potential but can’t fill standardized requirements when it comes to web2’’. Everyone is learning together and contributing, and there’s space for all kinds of interests and skills. I simply adore this.