# Ash Kranti

Demonstrated commitment: Web3 has become a key part of my life since I started in the ecosystem with Dream DAO back in December 2021. At the time, I was recovering from severe burnout in traditional nonprofit organizing and looking for something fresh to energize me. I started by observing the DAO and creating thank-you notes for our Learning Together sessions, and have rapidly expanded towards developing plans for wellness in the DAO, co-writing grant applications, authoring over 5 successful proposals, and forging a major partnership with Mems, an NFT project. Outside of Dream DAO, I’ve contributed to Protein and participated in educational courses, including the Astro Girls mentorship program and Crypto College (by Late Checkout). Independently, I've built a Twitter following on my core philosophies of "existing in public" and "solving for joy." Most recently, through my connections on Twitter and eloquent writing skills, I was considered as a top candidate for an assistant position with Jackson Dame before their break from publicity. This summer, I plan to continue exploring all things people and relationships in web3. While web3 may be "trustless" financially, DAOs are a huge human experiment that I continue to explore daily.
Anything else: In case you're interested, I've attached answers to a few questions from previous job applications that specifically struck me. Thank your for your consideration!

What’s your experience with asynchronous communication and remote work? 
A majority of my work and volunteer experience has been remote with the exception of a small retail boutique, which I've worked at for over a year, and a summer stint at Culver's. Throughout my experience, I've used a variety of asynchronous communication platforms, including Slack and Discord. I communicate asynchronously as if I was conversing with someone in real-time, reading messages aloud to ensure I'm being personable and authentic. I credit most of my success to the code-switching skills I learned as a child growing up in a traumatic household, primarily appealing to someone's humanity and emotion. That said, I've been able to successfully handle a variety of asynchronous communication, from extremely casual to crucially professional over the years.

What are your personal values?
Dependability: I grew up in an uncertain household, where someone’s mood change was dangerous. I want to be consistently present and loving; I want to be someone people can count on, even if we may disagree or drift in different directions.

Authenticity: I carry myself with infectious radiance, fueled by the people who have raised and mentored me to be proud of myself despite all the challenges. I unabashedly share my learning journeys, from struggling with work-family balance to messing up derivatives.

Compassion: Compassion has become a buzzword in recent years, but to me it’s always meant caring for others as if they were your own chosen family. I aspire to give everyone, including myself, space to make mistakes and grow without shame or fear. I always assume positive intent until proven otherwise, and look for the reasons behind someone’s behavior before pointing fingers.
Ideal host sites: I'm interested in working with Regen Network; the way they've revolutionized climate coordination astonishes me. I'd love to upgrade their storytelling and support them in making regenerative finance accessible to all.
What you can contribute?: Coordination and storytelling are my two superpowers when it comes to web3; I've connnected with folks accross the space with ease and develop narratives outside of web3 with GSA Network and Civics Unplugged. Additionally, I have experience in communications and product roles; I worked as Community Liaison at a startup (SHE.community), managing our services and connections for over a month last year and United Northwest Side, a local community organization where I've coordinated parts of our endorsement process and social media communications for over a year. I'd like to work on onboarding and accessibility wherever I go, but I'm open to variety of roles. 
Why applying?: The generosity and care I’ve experienced in web3 have reinvigorated my sense of hope, taking me from one of my worst periods of burnout to living my best life. Through the Explorers Program, I hope to grow my network in the space and emphasize the human experience in the ever-evolving tech that built the industry. Continuing to connect with people who regenerate me is my biggest priority; I'm eager to soak up information and experiences wherever I go.