# Madhav Goyal

Demonstrated commitment: I have been contributing to Dream DAO since its start in governance, partnerships, daily tasks, and onboarding new people to it.Dream Dao has been central to my web3 experience.

I am a part of the gitcoin dao and helping folks in taking notes and publishing the ideas to reach more people. I am a gitcoin library scholar and looking forward to contributing to it more.

Working on building a catalogue of open web3 resources to board people to the world of blockchain through regen crypto ideas.  regen.today 

Since joining the Dream dao web3 has been occupying the biggest part of my mental space and been captivated by the ways i could add value to the ecosystem, I have been reading books, listening to podcasts and talking to folks in web3 for some time and it has been one of the most regarding activities I have done. 
Ideal host sites: Gitcoin - Love the mission and people their + I already have worked with the people at gitcoin.
Gotham Labs - I love startups and Venture capitalism + Its founded Dream DAO champions
Polygon - I talked to one of their investment leads and they showed interest in hiring teens like me.
Aera VC 
Nethermind - They build cool products.
What you can contribute?: I  am a python programmer and have good experience with machine learning and data science libraries like Tensorflow, Pytorch , Sklearn , Pandas etc. 
I have a general understanding of solidity and am learning by building dapps. 
Asking good questions and bringing in diverse opinions is one of my superpowers, the wisdom I have gained after reading more than a 100 books is useful for systems thinking. 
I can learn new skills fast own my own.

Why applying?: Dream DAO introduced me to the concept of regenerative cryptonomics and what would a solarpunk future could like when web3 is leveraged as a force for good, its the vision of the of the Dream dao coupled with other inspiring people that excites me about being  a builder helping build the decentralized future. 
Web3 is all about optimism that we can change the world for good and make more fair world and I bought this idea a while ago. I want to learn new skills and make some real world impact with my work which can be unlocked by explorers program and the opportunity it would provide to builders like me. I want to explore web3 world and still having my roots in the dream dao because its like a fuel for me which energizes me with good and regen vibes. 
I want to build something that adds value to Humanity even though it might not be that big but still have a positive impact and web3 just seems the right tool and community for that.