# Shreya Devaram

Demonstrated commitment: I have demonstrated a commitment to learning and contributing to the web3 x social impact space through my contributions at Dream DAO. I've demonstrated a commitment to learning not only by attending several Learning Together sessions, but also spreading the knowledge I learned by taking notes and writting Twitter recap threads for some LT sessions. I've also supplemented my learning by looking into other resources such as Odyssey DAO. Other ways that I've contributed to Dream DAO include: Running the Member of the Day Initiative, co-writing an election design doc + setting up the election committee, working on a community health action plan, working on a partnership with Evita DAO, writing blogs for the Dream DAO blog, providing feedback on ideas and proposals, and I'm going to be joining the Dream DAO Journal team soon. 
Anything else: I will have school until June 14th, so I'll be able to only work afterschool for the majority of June. The afternoon and evening is the best time for me to work during the Summer. 
Ideal host sites: One regen web3 organization that I'd like to contribute to is Gitcoin. Gitcoin is at the forefront of working towards creating a digital public infrastructure for tomorrow theough funding projects, teaching people about crypto and web3, and building a community of people from around the world that are passionate about regen, public goods creation, and web3 in general! It's one of the first web3 organizations that truly opened my eyes to all of the innovation that can spring from investing in regens and hard working + passionate people in web3. Additionally, I also started reading the Greenpilled book by Kevin Owocki and it's such an insightful read! All of these reasons and more are why I would absolutely love to work at Gitcoin. Additionally, I'm also interested in Odyssey DAO, Buildspace, Protein, and Evita DAO. 
What you can contribute?: Some skills that I have that can be helpful to a web3 organization are discord management (handling support team tickets and moderation), writing/content creation (writing blog posts on Mirror/Substack and content creation for Twitter + social media management), and community building (hosting hangouts and finding ways to cultivate community on Discord and Twitter). Some other ways that I could contribute to a web3 organization is by helping to write proposals, hosting sessions for beginners in web3 or contributing to guides that focus on learning about web3, joining working groups and working as a contributor for their projects, creating public goods, podcast creation, and I can help out with partnerships. 
Why applying?: Being a Dream DAO explorer would allow me to get real world experience in web3 by directly contributing to organizations in the space. Hands on and project-based learning is the best way to learn something, because reading notes can only do so much. I would also like to see how I can apply what I've learned in the Dream DAO over the past few months to help another organization in some way. I also like the idea of creating a learning artifact as a way to teach people about what you learned from the internship experience, because it helps us stay accountable to continually learning new things. There also isn't anything like the explorers program available anywhere else, so it would be a great privilege to be able to participate in it. A lot of things excite me about web3! The regen mindset, solarpunk, lunarpunk, greenpilling stuff, public goods creation, getting to work with people who are really passionate about web3, the incredible DAOs in the social impact space, and just how new and accessible the space is. I can go on and on about how much I'm passionate about web3! However, the thing that excites me about web3 the most is getting to see the collective power of hard working and passionate individuals in creating social impact.