# Chaperone Policy

Status: Approved
Document creator: Dariel Cruz Rodriguez
For Discussion on Discord: https://discord.com/channels/896096170621947974/994989716422262784
Creation Date: July 8, 2022 12:17 PM

This policy outlines the procedures Dream DAO will take when taking minors (defined as under the age of 18 or age of majority in their region is , whichever higher).

**All members regardless of age must be accompanied by a chaperone throughout the duration of the trip. When landing in the destination country, they must be met by a chaperone.**

- Members aged between 0-16 are not permitted to be separated from the chaperone. If there is no reasonable way a chaperone may remain with their member aged 0-16, they must remain in the closest possible area/entry point to where the member is. (Ex: outside of a bathroom door) These members may be eligible to utilize the “home-base” method when accompanied by a member 17 or older.
- Members aged 16-17 may be granted more flexibility in meeting with their chaperones with permission from their parents. Members aged 16-17 may, only while utilizing a buddy system of a member of the same age range between the hours of sunrise to sundown, participate in chaperone approved-excursions within a walkable distance of the main event. These members are also qualified to utilize the “home-base” method outlined in rule 10.
- All members must have a cell phone that is able to receive calls and texts in the destination country. All members must also be a part of a group chat to receive important messages from their chaperone.

Chaperone rules:

1. All chaperones must conform to all pertinent laws and regulations of the destination, and Dream DAO/Civics Unplugged policies.
2. All chaperones must be at least 21 years of age and undergo a background screening by Civics Unplugged OR be an already vetted employee of Civics Unplugged.
3. For overnight trips, all chaperones shall have attended a pre-event orientation with the Civics Unplugged/Dream DAO team at which time all event activities will be outlined, participants with special needs identified, and chaperone expectations, responsibilities, and
emergency procedures discussed.
4. All chaperones are required to stay on-site at the hotel members are staying at, in a separate room.
5. Drinking alcoholic beverages, use of controlled substances, smoking, or use of tobacco
products by a chaperone at any time during a trip is prohibited.
6. Chaperones must not dispense medicine to children except those that have been provided by
the parents or guardian along with written specific directions provided by the parents,
guardians or professional health care providers.
7. Chaperones must wear appropriate clothing at all times.
8. Chaperones must not use profanity.
9. Each Chaperone will be assigned responsibility for no more than ten members.
10. Members are never to leave a supervised area unless escorted by a chaperone unless exempt by rule 10.
11. **HOME BASE EXEMPTION:** For visits to any destination where members are “fenced in” or surrounded by reasonable security measures such as metal detectors:
    1. Members aged 16-17 must report to a designated ‘home base” to check in with a chaperone as directed. 
    2. Members aged 0-15 must be accompanied at all times by a chaperone. Members aged 0-15 may be accompanied by another member aged 17+ and be permitted to utilize the “home-base” method.
12. Chaperones shall maintain an operating cell phone and be provided with a list of persons to
call if there is an emergency.