# GRANTS WG — OKRs S3

<aside>
📌 These Key Results should not only escalate the DAO’s offerings to its Builders, Champions, and SkywalkerZ Hodlers, but also help us to raise more funds and have more meaningful partnerships.

</aside>

**Objective:**

How can Grants WG be effective in decentralizing fundraising & bringing more innovative opportunities of engagement to the DAO, that will make members feel more rewarded, and outsiders more interested in contribute and donate?

1. **Key Result**

→ Raise 150K USD in [Grants Applications](Grants%20Applications%202f9bdbc9ce014718ad04da21b7dbeec6.md)

- **Initiatives**
    
    → Have builders and champions sharing resources/documents with the past accomplishments of the DAO and its mission so they can use it as a guide when writing grants applications.
    
    → Advise Dream DAO builders whenever they wanna apply to something (web3 related) that they will be personally impacted by and still be able to advocate for the DAO (like a personal travel grant to a hackathon that DD won't be at). People from the WG can be open to proofread such things, have 1:1, etc.
    
    **Why this: many builders are taking their first step in this WG and in a DAO, in this way we will be able to make them feel more safe and comfortable to step in and contribute, otherwise we will remain having the same people doing the same stuff! Also, we can’t be everywhere, neither fund builders to go to each web3 event of the year, but many projects offer such opportunities (like EF Scholars). Guidance is what we can give them, instead.**
    
    **→** create/update pitch deck 
    

1. **Key Result**

Improve funding resources; helping the DAO to cover costs by making ‘’profit’’ from its own tools.

- **Initiatives**
    
    → Work, with Gatherings WG + social media coordinator, on a plan that exposes Dream DAO’s tools/resources of contribution to external donors/sponsors/contributors (this will also help us/co-stewards to write better grants outreaching/emails).
    
    → Braindump on what we can offer besides LT Sessions & Learning Artifacts.
    
    - e.g sponsorhips for conferences and hackathons — in exchange we have a panel representing the sponsor, do something on social media etc — sponsored podcast of the dao, lt sessions that become podcast if the speaker offer some kind of sponsorship.

1. ********************Key Result********************

Facilitate connections with partners + increasing their interest on building with us.

- **Initiatives**
    
    → Create a partnerships form and share on socials + linktree with DD public resources.
    
    → Emailing our CRM people and past donors a ‘’monthly newsletter’’ about the DAO, highlighting partnerships’ impact + how they can get benefit from our mission.
    
    - When posting an LT session or a Learning Artifact, we could have something across ‘’interested in partnering with us? link to the form’’, something like that.
    - If we go further: during Gitcoin rounds, DD could have its builders/champions in NYC/India/London (places with high web3 folks density) and host a gathering/event that make people donate IRL (through Gitcoin app).
    
      → Find 10+ DDEP hosts for summer.
    

1. **Key Result**

Partner with at least 3 projects/orgs that will benefit our web3 learning process and have builders feeling more included.

<aside>
💭 most of the DAO’s opportunities for web3 immersion are limited (trips & internships), allowing only 5-10 builders (each) to experience it. How can we have the other half of active members enjoying web3 outside the DAO?

</aside>

- **Initiatives**
    
    → Outline a list of potential educational projects we can partner with (e.g we had crypto college once — not the best IMO, but just to give an idea).
    
    → Ideate a list of potential ideas we can host (like the bootcamp, NEAR WG) inside the DAO and potential partners/funders to make it happen.