# Toshi Kamei

About me: I'm toshi co-founder of Fracton Ventures, the first web3 incubator in Japan.
https://decrypt.co/63807/we-can-dao-it-how-a-new-wave-of-cypherpunks-is-disrupting-venture-capital
Also, I'm co-founder of Next Web Capital, a crypto fund based in Singapore.
We focus on helping the new generation of Web3 entrepreneurs and being the best bridge between Asia and the rest of the world.
I have been contributing to the startup ecosystem for about 8 years as a member of a collective impact community called Mistletoe, founded by Mr. Taizo Son, brother of Mr. Masayoshi Son of Softbank. Mistletoe is working to solve social issues around the world with a long term vision. With what I learned there in mind, I started a Web3-specific community. The crypto industry has a strong short term thinking, but we are working for long term and public good in Japan and Asia.
Member Type: Champion 🙌
What are your preferred pronouns?: He/Him
Email: toshi@fracton.ventures
Did someone refer you to the Dream DAO?: I saw the Aya Miyaguchi’s video. She has supported our incubation program.
Nearest major city: Tokyo
Social handles: @tolehico
ETH wallet address: 0x7bC1D6E8150D4C96917901C26C922Dd64654B3c3
Anything else you want to mention about what you can bring to the Dream DAO as a Dream DAO Builder?: I have supported many startups and can provide mentoring and networking. I believe that I can contribute to increasing the number of young people, especially from Asia and Japan, who are involved in public good activities with web3 and long term thinking.
Can help how?: Funding from network, Mentoring youth and their projects
I am a...: Web3 Founder/core contributor, Hyperconnector, Crypto enthusiast