# Working Group Updates

Date: February 17, 2022
Status: Yes
Tags: cool stuff, update

# The Taskbar

[List of tasks (Add/Edit your docs)](Working%20Group%20Updates%20756dd0bb1bf9406c946b94319aaaf6df/List%20of%20tasks%20(Add%20Edit%20your%20docs)%20959e39629fd941a6b502b21af4d3bdb4.csv)

Refer to- [](../Community%20Building%20WG%20member%E2%80%99s%20directory%20b0443b06aa0c44f3b8ae3b676294d5fc.md) 

# Whatâ€™s coming?

## Edits in the Goals

2 NYCs in Phase 1 overall. Having three is not feasible (cc: Madison, Lars)

We need to add â€˜Developing the Onboarding and Offboarding strategiesâ€™ as a goal for the CBWG as it involved members plugging/not-plugging into the DAO

# Whatâ€™s going on?

### **We had to create a form for- â€˜Member of the Day- Featureâ€™**

Here is the link anyone can edit-

[The Dream DAO Member of the Day Feature <3](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1mPLzPyASRVq7VrYsNv8_2ce2jLqJygnbtgMFSlfjtzA/edit?usp=sharing)

How do we incentivise people to take part in this?

- While ***Aishah, Shreya, and I can approach people on DMs***, does it make any better if we have (any one of the following)-
    - â€˜The Spotlight Ribbonâ€™ once featured into #introduce-yourself
    - POAP that shows people spotlighted in a given week at a hotpot, or in a space ship, or walking in a solarpunk mini garden?
    - Sticker with the same idea as above?
1. As an edit to the form, we can give an announcement in the Members and Frens Channel to make them fill the form, and add the formâ€™s link into the Dream Journal (cc: Jae-Hee, Charlotte)
2. Here is the link to the document where we are planning the member of the day feature-(Which contains the people featured, the form, the responses, the planning, etc.)
[Continue with the Members of the Day Feature](../../../Working%20Group%20Tasks%2076ca256d9d004fff83323d621d18337e/Continue%20with%20the%20Members%20of%20the%20Day%20Feature%2030ca8a08889b48f4b76e6c85c13e1b45.md) 
3. Weâ€™ll be working in a thread within the CBWG channel, instead of creating a DM group!

### We are working on the Merit Badge System

Link for the whitepaper on the merit system [here](https://www.notion.so/The-Dream-DAO-Merit-System-d0625913c50d442b83c182ded4c94e24?pvs=21)

As for the perspective of our working group, we need to focus on-

- What are the starting merit badges we want to award?
- How does this map to the [](../../../../Dream%20DAO%20Contributions%20Log%2079aa8266fcc44da3bb60c648c01cd522/Dream%20DAO%20Contributions%20Log%2046af1690c22047cb80036ece87901675.md)?
- Who helps decide what merit badges there are?

Thinking to contribute? Any Questions? Braindump your thoughts [here](../../../../../Design%20Documents%20&%20Braindumps%2096c62424d0454ec2bd5170ad5dce5dae/Braindump%20on%20V1%20Merit%20Badge%20Foundation%20ad7ffaa7e74a4f02afcf6e6c5a8c0bdf.md)

### We are starting a small blog styled post on discord on sharing our experience in Building the DAO â†’ Learning from it

TITLE IS NOT YET DECIDED

This is basically a collection of stories/incidents the plugged in members have had at the DAO that portray that despite of working in ambiguity, they learnt to come to terms with it and enjoy the process. The main aim is of targeting the less involved builders who arenâ€™t really plugged due to the existing ambiguity in the DAO and Web3 space in general. Because though some builders are a lot plugged in than others, that didnâ€™t come without failures and mistakes!

Share your braindump in [Collective Blog Post](https://www.notion.so/Collective-Blog-Post-987812d95b41416f9b08195911d51530?pvs=21)

### Solar Punk Study Groups carry on with the solarpunk optimism! How do we get more people engaged? Braindump in this Toggle (cc: Oliver, Charlotte, Karl, Jae-Hee, Aishah)

- Oliver: I think for the coming solarpunk session we could ping the @SkywalkerZ HODLer role. Also, a potential idea for engagement could be creating a @Solarpunks role that anyone could ping. It could be used for getting notified for the study group as well as if people want to hold impromptu sessions such as the solarpunk vision session last week.

### We need to decide about the Timings for this monthâ€™s meet up!

# Discord Copypasta

**Hi everyone!**

Here is an update of all that-

[-has been going on,](Working%20Group%20Updates%20756dd0bb1bf9406c946b94319aaaf6df.md)ğŸ¤”

We need your inputs in some of the prompts over here!

[-on the tasks we have](Working%20Group%20Updates%20756dd0bb1bf9406c946b94319aaaf6df.md)ğŸ’ª

[-on what lies ahead,](Working%20Group%20Updates%20756dd0bb1bf9406c946b94319aaaf6df.md)ğŸ•Šï¸

I have created [the Hub](../../Community%20Building%20WG%205d20b60407bc434ea61206919592773d.md) for our working group as a result of feedback from most of the folx I met during the 1:1â€™s.
You can check todayâ€™s update in the Calendar at [the Hub](../../Community%20Building%20WG%205d20b60407bc434ea61206919592773d.md)

Shoutout to all for being a part of this working group, Iâ€™ll be DMing the less active members of the group to have a chat at least this month to plug in the best way possible.

As of this week, we gotta decide the timings for the LAST WG meeting for this month, which Iâ€™m planning to have on following timings: (please select ALL that are suitable for you!)

1ï¸âƒ£<t:1645801200:F>

2ï¸âƒ£<t:1645808400:F>

3ï¸âƒ£<t:1645830000:F>

4ï¸âƒ£<t:1645837200:F>

5ï¸âƒ£<t:1645840800:F>

6ï¸âƒ£<t:1645887600:F>

7ï¸âƒ£<t:1645894800:F>

8ï¸âƒ£<t:1645830000:F>

9ï¸âƒ£<t:1645837200:F>

ğŸ”Ÿ<t:1645927200:F>

ğŸ¤§ if you canâ€™t make to any of them

Lastly, we have got new members on our team, please welcome Aishah, Vedanth and Lars in! We are happy to have you here and hope you are able to contribute your best!