# Breakout #1

Note taker(s): Tim

What are some past technologies/innovations that have become corrupt?

- Roman: Dynamite was used back then to empower people with money, but then we used it to kill people.
- Cerv: “Tech is neither good nor bad nor is neutral”. ([https://www.technologystories.org/first-and-second-laws/](https://www.technologystories.org/first-and-second-laws/)) Tech is created → a lot of excitement, Facebook was a great platform back then. As for web3, we don’t know what profit models are going to be.
- Ale Borda: Web3 is a tool, and it depends on how we use it.

Is it possible to make innovations last longer? How do we do that?

- Oliver: We need practial use and human centered deisgn to make something that will work, we can’t know for sure until we get feedback
- Shreya: Main reason we have critical innovations(like cars) is bc we are keeping up with improving it.
- Roman: Think of web3 as a new foundation. It’s important for web3 to be a foundation of how we use internet in the future. This will be hard to replace
- Lucy: We keep up with innovations if we keep up with diverse groups representing the community
- Roman: What does diversity look like? How do we leverage it

**What does diversity look like? How do we leverage it**

- Madison: Ex.: Teenagers are not well represented in communities now. We have to leverage what already exist to keep up with innovations
- Shreya: Looking at the early stages, it was available to a specific group of people (white men). We should use diversity to improve Web3.
- Gary: Web3 build on web2’s foundation, (laptops & internet are needed, many people don’t have those).
- Carl: In Africa there were no landlines, but now everybody has a cellphone
- Gary: Places that don’t have high speed internet use Starlink by Elon Musk. In the near future, we will have a different way of things (more accessible internet etc.)
- Oliver: We should be increasing acceleration of those developments by sorting out useless aspects.
- Gary: There are no archetypal community, this is good as leaders have different possibilities

**Does it matter for people to own their own data?**

- Roman: We should be able to protect our own data. A lot of people don’t realize the importance of their data. Should we prioritize making data protection more intuitive/ treat it like a right, not priviledge?
- Lucy: A lot of people don’t even check terms&conditions
- Shreya: a lot of survices we use are assumed by us to be free, we don’t care how data is used until issues come up. A lot of data on our devices is very private, so if companies get access to them, itwon’t be good.
- Ale: On data: for me the transparency of data and open source for transparency and knowledge sharing to accelerate innovation is a bigger impact

 **Should the priority be scaling Web3 right now? Is it useful for everyone at the moment?**

- CJ: Romano: Most of the population don’t know how exposed they really are