# #0 - Pre-Kickoff Governance WG Meeting - Governance WG in Phase 2

Date: July 9, 2022

🌱**GM! Glad you joined the session!** 

### *Icebreaker*

**Prompt: How are you feeling about Phase 2? What do you consider to be the most important thing we should accomplish as a WG?**

- Madison: Beyond product-market fit, answering the question, “how do we continuously scale, legitimatize, and decentralize the DAO?”
- David: A little unclear what Season 2 is going to focus on. I think we need to focus on the funding of projects if possible, and whether the new batch of NFTs will generate $$.
- Carl: I’m very excited about the diversity of the new Builders. I’m less excited about the diversity among the new Champions.
- Prof:  I am excited to meet new builders and champions.  It would be good to get some new voices.  Merit system will be very interesting to discuss and the mechanisms around it.
- Shaan: I am looking forward to new ways the working groups can coordinate. Merit system with an emphasis on accountability and transparency as well as stewardship!

## And we’re starting... Now! 🚀

<aside>
📢 What’s up w/ the tasks?

## Updates

1. **This is a pre-kickoff meeting!**
During the next one, we’ll be onboarding new members, so now is a good time to talk about key results and our WG in Phase 2 in general.
****
</aside>

## Governance WG in Phase 2

**The main part of our today’s meeting! 

The goal today is to solidify a vision of Governance WG in Phase 2 and set up a rough plan of action!
Let’s open this doc and discuss it: [Governance WG in Season 2 ](../../../../Document%20Archive%20816b78f2e0c6400e8ce641cdd07e5402/Dream%20DAO%20Working%20Groups%20Home%20Season%201%204d1702104a2f4180a27e92b0510bd283/Dream%20DAO%20Phase%201%20Working%20Groups%20c53752864e064f6da1b9f1c4ed1019ba/Governance%20WG%20%5BLegacy%5D%20a464f56462524c87842951a5c5d8b9f0/Governance%20WG%20in%20Season%202%207538a4c8c3a8416cba1924d3b0457068.md)** 
Thoughts & Ideas:

- Carl: what does success look like in terms of our three public goods?
    - Revenues > Costs + new grants
    - # of LTs and stretch guests to have on?
    - # of IRL events and Builders who get to participate
    - # of Explorers / internships
    - health metric of community members within the DAO

## Tasks:

- **[name -  task]**

## **Next meeting ideas:**

-