# Meeting #3 - 3/14

***Icebreaker: Please type in your first and last name for POAP + attendance:)*** 

What are kids better at than adults? 

- Allison: being v curious!
- Madison: Imagining things
- Jason: First Principles
- Ale B: tapping into their full potential without doubts
- Saf: Making friends
- Amanda: Being open minded
- Shaan: Having innocence
- Ash Kranti: dreaming big!

**Web3 x Social Impact Guide Case** 

Ale Borda

 [https://www.notion.so/impactxweb3/fe8b3dc1f1d24f9bbc8192ee246ac18a?v=ea5d3439d7c7470c9421dab3688446ae](https://www.notion.so/fe8b3dc1f1d24f9bbc8192ee246ac18a?pvs=21)

**Challenges right now:**

- Hard to figure out how to get involved
- Don’t even know what projects are out there
- Don’t even know where to start - who is an authority on web3 x social impact?

**Design questions:**

- How do we pick which projects we encourage people to be a part of?
    - Future Foundation - to be like a landing page for web3 x social impact curious people- and we’d ask Dave what they should do when they get in
    - Dream DAO
- Are there action items at the bottom of this guide?
    - Consider joining a DAO (that we recommend)
        - Browse a list of web3 x social impact projects on your own
    - Try out web3 x social impact protocols /services (that aren’t DAOs)
    - Link to other web3 x social impact [beginner] resources?
- Which web3 x social impact beginner resources are there? and what should we link to?
    - Are these related to resources we’ve “battle-tested” through our [](../../../../../Evergreen%20Documents%20976d2984e99f4146b4283457a2303a7c/Evergreen%20Documents%20Database%20db1ccc6322ae474dba4b59d6b687d080/Dream%20DAO%20Learning%20Resources%2009d28d2fc90244639f0555bc8dfdb2cc/Dream%20DAO%20Open%20Library%20(w%20Reviews)%20738d91bcf871449294f962e3b59f467c/Dream%20DAO%20open%20library%20-%20resource%20list%20efd5b2b41c8847fc86ade78b2cc5b759.md) or Learning Together sessions?
- What might we want to touch on?
    - Shortcomings / gaps of the intersection
    - Successful case studies already
    - Promising new projects
    - The vision / opportunity if people invest in this intersection
    - Types of web3 x social impact projects / DAOs

[https://www.notion.so/impactxweb3/fe8b3dc1f1d24f9bbc8192ee246ac18a?v=ea5d3439d7c7470c9421dab3688446ae](https://www.notion.so/fe8b3dc1f1d24f9bbc8192ee246ac18a?pvs=21)

Updates/Feedback/Ideas: 

- list of Refi’s
- it’s hard to distill the actual case studies - some are research etc
- What is the main goal of the case studies? Is it for Explorer’s to dive deeper or to encourage people to join?

 —> Saf - look forward to dive into - is there anything we could do to beyond just self directed?  - it’s a lot of case studies

—> Madison - Explorer’s program - pick their ideal internship site - they could use this list to work that/good for usage of content (twitter etc). Are there things that we could learn from these organizations? 

—> Ale - Relevance, case studies can be used to take inspiration (explorer’s can use this to their advantage) 

—> Ash - How do we get people to get reflection or insight on it (for the rest of the community or the explorer’s program?) - how do we translate to make this accessible for the web3 world to digest? 

---

---

---

—> Saf - Curriculum being priority 

—> Madison - Curriculum hasn’t yet being developed

—> Amanda - What activities will have besides the internship & research like hackathons? will be LT sessions somewhat be different, who just just research will need to do something else? to put in practice a lil more, something weekly, maybe juntos for research ppl

—> Madison - we could use the case studies to help the explorer’s determine their internship 

—> Jason - what is the application that we’re expecting? 

—> Saf - it shouldn’t be just based off the list, maybe ones that Builder’s have an existing relationship with 

—> Madison - maybe have an idea of what organization they want to work with it. Alternative - people know the options and they apply for it 

—> Saf - definitely preselect + establish relationship prior to the program - Ranking system for the students (probably there’s an algorithm that best matches with this) 

—> Madison - incorporate merit (over the next couple of weeks - focus on that) task idea - someone drafting the application process 

—> Saf, Amanda, Madison - drafting the application process 

—> Madison - reaching out to the internship 

—> Saf - Convo with Cryptocollege - [https://cryptocollege.latecheckout.studio](https://cryptocollege.latecheckout.studio/) - learning platform (2 week accelerator type program, web3 sphere), wants to partner with Dream DAO - provide scholarships to the builder (up to 50 scholarships can be provided to this program). Essentially, it’s a learning cohort but it’s based on application/use abstract concept of dao’s/web3 for practical setting. Maybe host some twitter spaces - maybe have a proposal + vote on it 

—> Madison - we can offer the scholarship to anyone interested

—> Saf - more diversity in their cohort, hold off a week or two if needed but hoping to start out in April 

Madison - how long the hours? asynch learning? 

Saf - two weeks course curriculum (asynch), project emboldened, 3 to 4 people work on a project

Oliver - What is that ramp up going to look like for doing internship? merging working group - probably important for us to keep on radar of what the DAO looks like for the Builders to take part in the Explorer’s program. We have to make sure it keep growing (connection for diff organizations for people who aren’t apart of the explorer’s program + for people who finished the explorer’s program - more learning opportunity!) 

Madison - what is our priority? 

 - application process, internship, what does DAO learning for non-explorers look like? 

- Oliver: internship/application most necessary part - gives boost to the DAO Learning - explorer’s program still want to plug into other part of the DAO.
- Saf: creating some sort of notion for parents would be very helpful
- Jason - The “ free-flowing exploration of the web3 ecosystem” in lieu of the internship - allow the explorer’s to be more integrated into the community
- Madison: maybe just having an internship site
- Oliver - people not in the explorer’s program - what are their interests are and connect them to builders.
- Saf: free flowing - outside of internship program
- Amanda: research/content ^
- Madison: once we decide the structure, it might serve people better once they graduate from the explorer’s program
- Saf: co-op program - for ambitious/dedicated/committed students, being able apply their skills/knowledge
- Madison: taking advantage of the resources to dedicate on research project
- Madison - using the next few weeks to focus on the explorer’s program and then afterwards, figure out what the DAO learning is going to look like - using Ale’s case studies for the internship sites!
- Tasks: Saf - proposal for the partnership
- Madison, Amanda, Saf - proposal for the application process, starting the internship process next week

Reflection: 

Madison - really glad that we figured out the priority!