# Meeting #2 - 2/7

<aside>
🌞 Update: Our WG has been changed from “Curriculum Development” to “DAO Learning WG” to ensure that the community is learning and creating knowledge about web3 x social impact!

</aside>

### *Icebreaker (<5 minutes!) - MANDATORY FOR ATTENDANCE + POAPS*

*Please type out your first/last name, emoji, colon when answering the prompt!* 

Prompt: What issue/system do you envision web3 x DAO solving? 👀

- Gary: Community building, local civic advocacy / organizing / building
- Lucy🌈: communication and comprehension across diverse communities
- Safder: Better alignment of members/stakeholders and objectives
- Charlotte Bruderly 🪴: Climate change and environmental issues
- Professor Stam: creating more financial inclusion in the economy
- Oliver Yehlik **⛅**: Difficulties for communication and organization across diverse groups and geography (haha just saw Lucy’s after typing)
- Allison: healthcare disparity/education
- thessy mehrain: 🤓 scaling to global interactions
- Jason McCutchan UwU: Shared equity to communities that support a network rather than corporations extracting from communities. Redistribution of wealth
- Shaan: Wealth disparity and the misalignment of incentives
- Mahdav 🪙:Coordination and showing general public interest

### **To do**

- [tasks](../../../Working%20Group%20Tasks%2076ca256d9d004fff83323d621d18337e.md) updates + ideas (20 minutes)
- madison/jason’s lecture process discussion (10-20 minutes)
- web3 x social impact case studies (15 minutes)
- reflection !! (5-10 minutes)

<aside>
🌐 **[Tasks](../../../Working%20Group%20Tasks%2076ca256d9d004fff83323d621d18337e.md) Updates/Ideas!**
Notes:
- template for reaching out to the tentative speakers - Charlotte + Saf
- Ale > finding successful case studies 
- Jason > update: scheduling online one - pagers + feedback form 
- Shaan > update: Still reviewing relevant literature. On or off-chain interactive co2 trading game is ready. - Should be good to present within the next week!
- Stablecoin lecture - Tyler
- web3 x social impact fundamentals: session template created + contributors selected: [https://safder.notion.site/Web3-x-Social-Impact-Fundamentals-314b1af0ae0745d48e736fe65d2ff444](https://www.notion.so/Web3-x-Social-Impact-Fundamentals-314b1af0ae0745d48e736fe65d2ff444?pvs=21)

</aside>

<aside>
🌞 **Madison/Jason’s Lecture Process:**

Courtesy of Madison/Jason!: 

Process:

[https://www.notion.so/Dream-DAO-Educational-Content-Development-3a2ef129485f42c1ad532ac90cf543b2](https://www.notion.so/Dream-DAO-Educational-Content-Development-3a2ef129485f42c1ad532ac90cf543b2?pvs=21)

Scheduling:

[https://civicsunplugged.notion.site/Dream-DAO-Event-Scheduling-Process-9a29462b98244dc199ffb688c1272625](https://www.notion.so/Dream-DAO-Event-Scheduling-Process-9a29462b98244dc199ffb688c1272625?pvs=21)

Feedback form:

[https://3nieqyuj.paperform.co/](https://3nieqyuj.paperform.co/)

Notes:
→ pilot 

→ put out the callout on the archetype of the person availability/type  

→ criteria of who we want to invest in the time
→ default time? democratizing the time? 

→ update the timing 
→ oliver: default time - easier + flexibility 
→ 2 hour window? - Gary
→ relatively equal # of windows - Saf
→ general feedback or specific feedback? 
→ criteria → skill for content + another skill for delivery - Saf 
→ Oliver → before each session - speaker would pose key things + people would reflect the key things afterwards 

→ thesis/3 main points 
→ positive feedback - Saf

→ few questions as possible to submit - Charlotte
→ required questions - optional questions (can be skipped) - Gary
→ a custom pre-imposed form for each person so they get as much help in terms of communication - Oliver 

</aside>

<aside>
✨ **web3 x social impact guide!**
[https://futurefoundation.notion.site/futurefoundation/Web3-x-Social-Impact-Examples-Curated-by-Future-Foundation-c47723dc60664d11b02e2cc69c91446e](https://www.notion.so/Web3-x-Social-Impact-Examples-Curated-by-Future-Foundation-c47723dc60664d11b02e2cc69c91446e?pvs=21)

</aside>

**Notes:

Objective:** 

- Saf → making it easier to onboard people to web3 x social impact
- Gary → establish ourselves as something of an authority in web3 x social impact
- Oliver - different ways of social impact done can introduce people to get involved/work on their own + creation of their own ideas - diverse format
- Gary → establish a lay of the land of web3 x social impact

**Challenges right now:**

- Hard to figure out how to get involved
- Don’t even know what projects are out there
- Don’t even know where to start - who is an authority on web3 x social impact?

**Design questions:**

- How do we pick which projects we encourage people to be a part of?
    - Future Foundation - to be like a landing page for web3 x social impact curious people- and we’d ask Dave what they should do when they get in
    - Dream DAO
- Are there action items at the bottom of this guide?
    - Consider joining a DAO (that we recommend)
        - Browse a list of web3 x social impact projects on your own
    - Try out web3 x social impact protocols /services (that aren’t DAOs)
    - Link to other web3 x social impact [beginner] resources?
- Which web3 x social impact beginner resources are there? and what should we link to?
    - Are these related to resources we’ve “battle-tested” through our [](../../../../../Evergreen%20Documents%20976d2984e99f4146b4283457a2303a7c/Evergreen%20Documents%20Database%20db1ccc6322ae474dba4b59d6b687d080/Dream%20DAO%20Learning%20Resources%2009d28d2fc90244639f0555bc8dfdb2cc/Dream%20DAO%20Open%20Library%20(w%20Reviews)%20738d91bcf871449294f962e3b59f467c/Dream%20DAO%20open%20library%20-%20resource%20list%20efd5b2b41c8847fc86ade78b2cc5b759.md) or Learning Together sessions?
- What might we want to touch on?
    - Shortcomings / gaps of the intersection
    - Successful case studies already
    - Promising new projects
    - The vision / opportunity if people invest in this intersection
    - Types of web3 x social impact projects / DAOs

**Misc notes:**

- Jason: 10 mins is a little long
    - Gary: maybe it’s like 5 mins?
- Charlotte → more distinct compared to other projects just so there’s not a lot of repeats + people feel comfortable in terms of getting right content. Make sure we’re not repeating sources
- Jason → can take 10 minutes or longer depending on the person’s interest
- Oliver → having the option to dive deeper but if they’re not feeling engaged they could go to a brief introduction (they can find something exciting themselves + go from there)
- Saf → would consider some project web3 x social impact but not necessarily DAO

## **Reflection !!**

Any takeaways? Any tips/advice for our next meeting? Best part of the call? 

- Use Zoom next time lol
- have a designated person sharing on zoom + butter (setting the expectation that there’s no mobile app)
- Working Group meetings def use Zoom - Gary
- (when writing the guide - don’t overwhelm people with the projects)

****