# March 6

Working Group: Gatherings
Updates: 1. Discussed potential Builders who can handle travel logistics for the Season [2 have expressed interest]
2. Even more budgeting for conferences
3. First study session took place
4. Started discussions on the OKRs that might need social media help
5. Talked about the possibility of surveying Builders [possibility being the key word here]
6. Shifted to more community-focused discussions for this week and for the weeks to come