# 629f9262a1f6c5796963e0cf

Snap for Week Of: June 6, 2022 12:00 AM (UTC)
Additional comment: i think it would be cool if there could be a dream dao junto on best practices to work as intern or something along those lines
Commitment Check: ✅Got the deals on Koop for scouting
✅ Meet with the koop engineers
✅ put out the referral list
✅ soak in the vision of regen web3!!!
❌ wasn't able to get the google cloud set up or sheets API automation 
Name: Madhav Goyal
Temperature Check: I feel great! Learned a lot of new things and realized how different it is to really work and responsibly make an influence. 
Top Goal 4 Coming Week: ☑️ set up the Aera force scouting nft workflow
Weekly referral list  update
Deep dive and prepare a report on some of the orgs we are investing in
Distribute paops if someone  submits their scouting report
try google API with the help of Gary
Weekly shoutout: Professor Stam! I had spent a big chunk of my time using the Google API to automate google sheets workflow with code but wasn't able to and Prof and saw it as a learning opportunity for me and was totally cool with it.
What Else Did You Do?: Deep diving into the projects we were setting up for the community to scout is what I missed. In the first week, I spent a lot of time just going over some of the projects and learning about their motives which is so inspiring when you are in regen web3 but because of some time constraints wasn't able to do so.
What do you need help on?: Was thinking of reaching out to Gary for helping me out with Google cloud because he was one of their tech leads but not sure if I should ask him for help with work. It would be cool if he is reading and decides to reach out!
Created time: June 7, 2022 3:01 PM
What did you learn?: Its hard to set up expectations when you are just buidling someting new but one needs to prioritize their goals and what they wanna get done therise you can just sit infont if the computer for a few hours and not get anything done.

I feel great! Learned a lot of new things and realized how different it is to really work and responsibly make an influence.