# 629fa62fcbee380213281f14

Snap for Week Of: June 1, 2022 12:00 AM (UTC)
Additional comment: None so far! Super excited for next week!
Commitment Check: As it was my first week in my intership I just attended several meetings and did my first job in a timely manner (explained below):

I attended the introductory meetings with Clara (Experience Facilitator) and the "All Hands Meeting" with the rest of the dOrg community to introduce myself and see what projects they are working on and how I can help them ✅

I attended my meeting with Ana Maria (Marketing team) to explain more or less how the team works and how I can help them and we agreed on a time to have weekly meetings with the team ✅

I did my first task in dOrg, which was to review the 90 profiles of the builders in dOrg and check that they were complete, if they were not complete I had to contact each one to ask them to complete it and I made them a quick guide on how to do it ✅
Name: Joshua Santiago Cruz Pérez
Temperature Check: hyper mega excited! It was the orientation week where I was introduced to the dOrg community and got to meet many of the people who work there + make new relationships with the people I will be working with (only with the admin team, the marketing team will be until the next week)
Top Goal 4 Coming Week: - Getting up early to make the most of the day!
- Have meetings with the Marketing & Comms team and with Ori and Juan to help them in some Admin tasks they proposed to me
- Do not be afraid to speak because as there are many people I do not find the time to do it (this is more focused on the "All Hands Meeting" and "Swarms Comms Meeting")
- Review the builders' profiles in the forum to verify that they have updated their profile
- Meet more people!
Weekly shoutout: Clara Gromaches! For all her help inside dOrg, for the assistance and for helping me every step even though she was sick.
What Else Did You Do?: On June 1st I set out to meet several people within dOrg and explore the projects that some people are doing there. I was able to do so thanks to the "All Hands Meeting", in which they presented projects and included me to help them in any way I could.
What do you need help on?: Not at this time. When I have had any doubts or questions I have asked for help and dOrg's people have helped me until I have managed to solve the problem.
Created time: June 7, 2022 4:25 PM
What did you learn?: Communication is essential! Since many of the conversations are about projects and they are almost always looking for help from people with the skills, it is essential to be able to communicate with them.

hyper mega excited! It was the orientation week where I was introduced to the dOrg community and got to meet many of the people who work there + make new relationships with the people I will be working with (only with the admin team, the marketing team will be until the next week)