# 62a6b6144b06517b841e1454

Snap for Week Of: June 13, 2022 12:00 AM (UTC)
Additional comment: How to know that I have accomplished enough and get satisfaction from what I have done? its one of the biggest questions I keep asking myself. Though the folks at the host site are amazing and always give me a shoutout for doing good work sometimes it doesn't feel like I haven't done enough to get their praises.
Commitment Check: ✅ Token gate the deals on koop for scouts only
✅ Referral list update
✅ deploying the nft smart contracts 
✅ working on the bugs and figuring out what was wrong at the first attempt 
✅ talk to folks from sino global to learn more
Name: Madhav Goyal
Temperature Check: Amazing! Started one of the biggest initiatives of Aera force and it's a crucial part of it being a dao! + I got a scout nft!
Top Goal 4 Coming Week: ☑️ set up the token gated memo page for LPs
☑️learn more about the workflows of other vc firms so that we could stream line ours
☑️referaal list update
☑️ Do do-diligence on a deal
Weekly shoutout: Even though the person wasn't from my host site would like to shout out to Conner from  Koop for always being helpful to Prof and me.
What Else Did You Do?: I didnt do many meetings last week mostly because prof has other commitments too but thinking of reaching out to Thanasi or Josh for a chat cause they are a part of Aera Force and my colleagues lol. 
What do you need help on?: Been thinking of when the junto sessions gonna start cause it was the biggest part of being a CU fellow and made my experience truly magical.
Created time: June 13, 2022 12:59 AM
What did you learn?: Its not always that you will have something to do or contribute to within your place so just take time to relax or dig deeper than overthinking.

Amazing! Started one of the biggest initiatives of Aera force and it's a crucial part of it being a dao! + I got a scout nft!