# 62abe9f1c3202366847be298

Snap for Week Of: June 13, 2022 12:00 AM (UTC)
Additional comment: Nothing much, just need help with understing the good funding securing opportunities and how to attract good builders
Commitment Check: 1. Started using the meetings framework I've created and it's looking good! 
2. Improved the meeting agenda template based on our needs.
3. Defined a clearer development strategy (just starting)
4. Starting to work on whitepapers
5. Attended a brainstorming meeting on Discord + Strategy
Name: Timofei Dort-Golts
Temperature Check: Confused and burnt out in the first half, but am ready to solve the problems I faced and motivated to struggle for the purpose I have set for me.
Top Goal 4 Coming Week: Start organizing operations with Joe
Keep organizing strategy (that's what I will do for a long time)


Weekly shoutout: tab you can move a notion list point backwards lol
What Else Did You Do?: Developed a list of topics to cover along the strategy work (improving discord, faq, etc)
What do you need help on?: Need help with stuff:
1. What should a good pitch to investors in web3 have? (Clear mission, public goods, growth strategy, vision for the future... anything else?)
2. How did Dream DAO attract sop much good builders? Where to find them? (*esp. considering that compensations aren't established yet)
Created time: June 16, 2022 11:41 PM
What did you learn?: Big thing: How bear market provides more opportunities for growth. Liittle thing: is you hold shift+

Confused and burnt out in the first half, but am ready to solve the problems I faced and motivated to struggle for the purpose I have set for me.