# 62af3fd8fb92f0401b264694

Snap for Week Of: June 13, 2022 12:00 AM (UTC)
Additional comment: N/A
Commitment Check: ✅ Finding at least 2 places to plug into and make recurrent contributions
❌ Have at least one 1:1 with a core team member that I just met (forgot, will follow up)
❌ Set OKRs and KPIs for my time at Protein (was unsure about where to plug in, so I wasn't clear enough on my overall goals. will do this week)
✅ Get feedback on my work performance and where they need my help most
Name: Ethan Wei
Temperature Check: Super stoked. I went into the week excited but unsure about where I could contribute, but came out of the week feeling refreshed and hoping that I found my you-shaped-hole in the DAO. 
Top Goal 4 Coming Week: ✅ Complete at least 1 task in Treasury and Product Pods
✅ Have a 1:1 with at least one Protein core team member
✅ Get feedback on my work performance and where they need my help most
Weekly shoutout: Shout out to Gus from Protein for being such a inviting host and giving me the perfect task to start off my Protein contributions.
What Else Did You Do?: - Working on the Good Growth definitions and making sure that it's clear
- Working on some logistical Airtable stuff
- Adding and refining the Protein Gitcoin Grants Application.
What do you need help on?: I need help on finding ways to stay plugged in asynchronously. The time zone differences and my current commitments make it hard to attend many meetings, but I still want to know what's happening. 
Created time: June 19, 2022 12:25 PM
What did you learn?: Feedback/iteration is an underrated tool in web2 companies that web3 orgs take advantage of.

Super stoked. I went into the week excited but unsure about where I could contribute, but came out of the week feeling refreshed and hoping that I found my you-shaped-hole in the DAO.