# 62b86202b4ce63657067cff1

Snap for Week Of: June 26, 2022 12:00 AM (UTC)
Additional comment: I would really be grateful for help with the specialization issue, been just so confused lately.
Commitment Check: ✅do a write-up for ivy protocol
✅ refreshing the referral list
✅dig deep into the startups and learn how to ask better questions and still not sound like a douche
Name: Madhav Goyal
Temperature Check: I feel totally amazed by the last week
Top Goal 4 Coming Week: ☑️Been in the meeting with the green team
☑️talk to ivy folks once again
☑️refresh the referral list 

Weekly shoutout: Tim for being the strongest person I know!
What Else Did You Do?: I think I did more what I have always wanted to - learn and dive into the more technical and mentally intense part of research and deliberation about how the product works.
What do you need help on?: I did put it last week that I had been feeling lost on what path to take and where to spend most of my time. I love what area force is doing and what refi is working on but after going to hacker house I also feel that I want to build stuff and get into more technical stuff. As Near Wg is starting and a lot of hackathons are coming up, not sure what I wanna be and specialize in. I want to find my you-shaped whole 
Created time: June 26, 2022 10:41 AM
What did you learn?: You need to be optimistic as weel as a skeptic to learn more about something works. I attened my first scout meeting and did a real research write and learned a ton of stuff that I have never read in books!

I feel totally amazed by the last week