# 62ba3eb7794ac50ff252ef9a

Snap for Week Of: June 20, 2022 12:00 AM (UTC)
Additional comment: Just got the "go-ahead" today to start some experimental/exploratory work at All for Climate DAO while we finalize my proposal! Excited to be building with such a fantastic group.
Commitment Check: I didn't make any definite commitments while I traveled to NFT NYC. 
Name: Oliver Yehlik
Temperature Check: I need rest but am feeling motivated by so many people!
Top Goal 4 Coming Week: - Refine my "Explorer Journey" proposal based on comments
- Reformat my proposal to fit the "Budget Request Template"
- Write a one-pager on "Web3 x Climate Human Library" deliverables
- Create a contribution log and communicate my next steps
- Outline a literature review of existing "impact cartography" work
Weekly shoutout: Shout out to the many people I spoke to at NFT NYC! My time in New York helped give clarity to the importance of connection and communication in what I'll be contributing to.
What Else Did You Do?: I edited my proposal on recognizing an "Explorer" role within the DAO as well as attended another community call to get additional feedback. 
What do you need help on?: I will need support ideating on and narrowing down my role so I can effectively champion my project with All for Climate, as well as defining the core principles of a "Human Library".
Created time: June 27, 2022 8:35 PM
What did you learn?: Asking and answering clarifying questions in a community setting helps me focus my own needs/desires as well as the scope of my work.

I need rest but am feeling motivated by so many people!