# 62c31ca360f685485f7f21fd

Snap for Week Of: June 27, 2022 12:00 AM (UTC)
Additional comment: I am actually so so excited to continue working with Protein long term as a contributor/intern, since I feel like I'm working somewhere super meaningful. 
Commitment Check: ❌ Finish a grant application and give to other members for feedback/editing.
✅ Find next steps for the Product team projects and contribute.
✅ Get feedback on how I'm performing as an intern and where I can be more useful.
Name: Ethan Wei
Temperature Check: SUPER GOOD. Got so much clarity on what I'm working on and pivoted to impactful ideas.
Top Goal 4 Coming Week: 1. Create article for the B-Corp chat we had and have a completed draft.
2. Define timelines and KPIs for the sponsorship idea we had for a Protein hackathon.
3. Continue working on the landscape audit and edit the submissions added to the database. 
Weekly shoutout: William Rowe for being super informative and patient, answering all of my questions and helping me pivot away from the grant model and toward more effective tasks.
What Else Did You Do?: I pivoted toward designing investor relations for a potential sponsorship. Also, continued doing work for the Impact Audit as part of the core Product team.
What do you need help on?: How to balance what I want to work on with things I can meaningfully contribute to.
Created time: July 4, 2022 2:00 PM
What did you learn?: Be flexible; never think you're "above" some tasks, because you will learn so much more with an open mind.

SUPER GOOD. Got so much clarity on what I'm working on and pivoted to impactful ideas.