# 62cc3353b914600b3d4d2743

Snap for Week Of: July 10, 2022 12:00 AM (UTC)
Additional comment: not feeling that much connected to the dao these days, I was thinking this over the weekend and we have not yet implemented the systems that we had first thought of to help explorers along their journey. Gonna bring this up and start getting more active on projects we initially started.
Commitment Check: ✅Referrel list + koop
✅ Make loom for thirdweb nft contract deployment
✅make the poaps and jam on new ideas
Name: Madhav Goyal
Temperature Check: Learned a ton and released my learning artifact! Got my first salary so happy!
Top Goal 4 Coming Week: 1. Attend the pitch meeting with Thallo
2. prep a write up
3. figure out the gasless minting stuff, deploy the smart contracts and set up the openzepplin rpc nodes.
Weekly shoutout: Madison for keeping the dao together, not sure how she manages to get so much done event though she is just a bit older than me. Need to learn time skills from her.
What Else Did You Do?: I explored a bunch of stuff this week and working on the scouting poap stuff for af. Tried a bunch of things and chatted with prof about it. 
What do you need help on?: I am just a bit confused these days, not having as much work at Aera Force, and I feel like I am not doing my job well even though I have asked prof for feedback quite a few times and he is always good with it. It might be just overthinking.
Created time: July 11, 2022 11:27 AM
What did you learn?: There is no single path to get to an outcome , you need to try and fail and repeat again and you learn the most during this process.

Learned a ton and released my learning artifact! Got my first salary so happy!