# 62cc9ea3e5a1835f022c6ce0

Snap for Week Of: July 4, 2022 12:00 AM (UTC)
Additional comment: Honestly, the time is super uncertain, and besides me doing good at the job I do, I see that people on the team are uncertain about the projects future and how / when / what to do for the launch. I tried bringing them together and igniting some hope / bringing some sense direction, but being a new team member it is hard to do, so I have yet to determine this.
Commitment Check: 1. Created a draft of Discord revamp strategy for the SunGens server. There are also things that we can implement immediately. 
2. Discord management page in the Hub is created.
3. Had another meeting with Joe, learned about the project's past, and that there is a preson who is working on the SunGens Book (currently pitching for investors, but is somehow working not in tandem with the team). We decide that it's important to contact the guy and try to reconnect.

Name: Timofei Dort-Golts
Temperature Check: Life-wise - very tired of running back and forth with the conscription docs + related appointments.
Work-wise - pretty chill and good with my responsibilities.
Top Goal 4 Coming Week: 1. Not sure if its the coming week, but contacting the SunGens book person is definitely moving up the priority list.
2. Reconnecting with Alex, and bringing the team together for collective braindump.
3. Finding more builders to ensure the diversity of thoughts during th emeetings (long-term)
4. Continue discussing the launch strategy.
Weekly shoutout: Shoutout to George, the best Discord manager and amazing note-taker.
What Else Did You Do?: Reworked the channel list appearance on on Discord (one of the tasks from Discord revamp)

What do you need help on?: Maybe too broad, but honest: How do you bring a team together and ensure participation? Been struggling with this, as I am just a new member, but it seems like there are some inside conflicts that I have yet to understand.
Created time: July 11, 2022 7:05 PM
What did you learn?: How important it is to have the meetings log in place. I rarely have to check the meeting recordings/notes back, but when there's need it might be life-saving. Record all your important meetings friends - worth it!

Life-wise - very tired of running back and forth with the conscription docs + related appointments.
Work-wise - pretty chill and good with my responsibilities.