# 62ce5ce70837852b7a5966b9

Snap for Week Of: July 4, 2022 12:00 AM (UTC)
Additional comment: I am going to work on outlining a timeline for myself of the rest of the Explorers program over the weekend/beginning of next week. I am planning to record my first learning artifact at the end of next week as well as determine when I will create my second.
Commitment Check: I had outlined some possible goals, but this week ended up being a break from the core of my work as I was busy with family and college projects. 
Name: Oliver Yehlik
Temperature Check: Okay
Top Goal 4 Coming Week: Monday: Give updates on the community call
Wednesday: Write a one-pager on "Web3 x Climate Human Library" deliverables
Thursday-Friday: Write an overview of thoughts on regen librarian philosophy
Saturday-Sunday: Reformat my proposal to fit the "Budget Request Template"
Weekly shoutout: Xavier for modeling updates and offering many provocations.
What Else Did You Do?: ✅ Attend space on art x climate
✅ Continued design of human library
✅ Update contribution log to include different forms of capital
What do you need help on?: I found during the community call this week that I needed help getting traction on a few key tasks. I'll seek to connect and check in with others this week as I make progress on my next steps.
Created time: July 13, 2022 2:49 AM
What did you learn?: Breathe. Progress isn't always linear, and the work around climate requires many forms of capital. Internal/emotional work is work.

Okay