# 62d3482ca50d4212f56da917

Snap for Week Of: July 15, 2022 12:00 AM (UTC)
Additional comment: This check-in encompasses two weeks of async work (5 hrs/week)! Excited to get back to 10 hrs/week starting on Monday.

I also got merch from Regen Network which is super exciting - if I tweet it out will DD be able to retweet?
Commitment Check: Didn't set goals last week because I wasn't sure if I'd be working these two weeks, so I put tasks that the team asked me to do below!

✅ Email grantees about Built on Regen cards
✅ Create a template for videos highlighting Regen Network grantees
✅ Create a design doc for a Community Initiatives roundup video 
✅ Email grantees about a Community Initiatives roundup video 
Name: Ash Kranti Srivastava
Temperature Check: These past two weeks felt like playing with play-doh - I really got to dive into the work and mould current and future initiatives.
Top Goal 4 Coming Week: Start drafting comics
Finish reaching out to Community grantees about Built on Regen Cards
Reach out to Methodology and Land Steward grantees about Built on Regen Cards
Begin storyboarding + scripting GVK video
Explore the Regen Network Discord
Weekly shoutout: Shoutout to Kyle for being thoughtful and responsive in the wellness channel! It was always super encouraging to get a quick and caring reply to each message I sent :)
What Else Did You Do?: I took time to digest and give feedback on an internal diversity assessment.

I took time to encourage reflection in the wellness channel and be a part of team "gm" and "gn" reflections and sharings in the Slack each day.
What do you need help on?: A few of the emails bounced back or I didn't have all the info to send - I'll be reaching out to the point of contact team members to finish those this week!
Created time: July 16, 2022 8:22 PM
What did you learn?: I learned about how companies compile and internally assess diversity statistics.

These past two weeks felt like playing with play-doh - I really got to dive into the work and mould current and future initiatives.