# 62dec8e8c356406c62421fa9

Snap for Week Of: July 18, 2022 12:00 AM (UTC)
Additional comment: This marks the end of my fifth week! Super proud of myself and bullish on what's next :)
Commitment Check: ✅ Finish reaching out to Community grantees about Built on Regen Cards
✅ Reach out to Methodology and Land Steward grantees about Built on Regen Cards

Begin storyboarding + scripting GVK video
We're still waiting on the footage before we can start this.

Explore the Regen Network Discord
Planning to talk to Sarah about this during the upcoming week!

Start drafting comics
Since Becca's going on vacation, we decided to put this off until she gets back.
Name: Ash Kranti Srivastava
Temperature Check: An abundance of love - Regen is such a nourishing and wonderful place to work.
Top Goal 4 Coming Week: Send out final reminders to Community grantees
Transfer Built on Regen cards to public database
Start gathering grant status and accomplishments information
Find Twitter handles for grantees
Weekly shoutout: Super thankful for all the grantees who got back to me this week - lots of great people and projects to amplify!
What Else Did You Do?: I finished setting up my kanban and putting tasks into it. You can check it out here (https://www.notion.so/regennetwork/Community-Manager-Intern-Kanban-15f19bbfbf174e6897e770b576f5cb2f).

I learned how to make Built on Regen cards public and updated the community ones!
What do you need help on?: I haven't set up how I'm going to get paid yet and I'm nervous to ask - what's the best way to go about it?
Created time: July 25, 2022 1:46 PM
What did you learn?: I learned about what it takes to set up a grants process and some of the pitfalls they faced along the way!

An abundance of love - Regen is such a nourishing and wonderful place to work.