# 62e7101614865b4d10419a35

Snap for Week Of: July 25, 2022 12:00 AM (UTC)
Additional comment: This next week will be pretty narrowly focused for me, and for 12 days in August I will be on vacation or off the grid. I move into my dorm on August 23, and will be pretty busy as I start a new school year and get used to living in a new space. 

I need to do some life planning and reflection first but I'll send updates as soon as possible on what the completion of my time in the Explorers Program will look like.  I intend to continue my journey in web3 over the coming months, but I'm not yet sure what exactly this means. 
Commitment Check: ✅ Provide Pauline with feedback on connections w/ the onboarding process
✅ Attended onboarding strategy call
✅ Vacation from the 18-25th of July
✅ Contributed to the "redefining our values" workshop

Getting back from vacation, I've felt much more prepared for my next steps in the Explorers Program. My summer calendar has been difficult at times to navigate, so I appreciated the opportunity to slow down and think about my commitments. 
Name: Oliver Yehlik
Temperature Check: In awe of regen web3
Top Goal 4 Coming Week: - Reformat my A4C Human Library one-pager to the official budget proposal
- Schedule and prep for Human Library call on "interview questions"
- Support RedemptionDAO WGs, Discord, and ops generally
- Write about guiding principles / integrate them with my learning artifact
Weekly shoutout: Jae-Hee, Carl, Tim, Doug, Helena, Shaan, Nyx, Ben, Gloria, Joan, Phil, and so many others! Deeply inspired by all of these folks.
What Else Did You Do?: The week of the 25th has been very fast-paced for me. RedemptionDAO sprung to life on Wednesday morning and I've put in roughly 10-20 hours of energy and attention since.

✅ Build, audit, and progressively update the RedemptionDAO Discord
✅ Writing a recap thread and posting to the Twitter
✅ Develop working groups and direct contributors to new channels
✅ Support the development of the RedemptionDAO Notion hub
What do you need help on?: My schedule will be hard to manage, so I'll need to prune tasks and be purposeful with my attention. I will focus mainly on RedemptionDAO and family commitments as I have a graduation party and am preparing to go off-grid for a few days next week.
Created time: July 31, 2022 8:28 PM
What did you learn?: Regen web3 has a culture of collaboration that often feels present, but is still really disconnected. Beyond conversations, it seems to me that action and collaborative work between our networks is pretty infrequent. RedemptionDAO has shown me so much of what is possible in this space when we truly do the hard work together. I feel deeply grateful to be working with such wonderful people, and seeing the DAO begin to organize has brought me so much joy. I think this will be a massive source of inspiration for the Human Library, as I consider how to faciliatate this work on other contexts. Bridging our networks with so much care and trust is really beautiful and awe-inspiring. I'm hoping to find the best ways to facilitate this ethically, with care, and in a way that doesn't capture value but generates it.

In awe of regen web3