# 62f2ec0acf24778e4b016c79

Snap for Week Of: August 1, 2022 12:00 AM (UTC)
Additional comment: If Sarah ever reads this, I hope she knows how much I've missed her these last couple weeks. Her presence is reassuring and I'm always in awe of how she manages and celebrates others. :)
Commitment Check: ✅ Find Twitter handles for grantees
A lot of our grantees don't have Twitter handles, but Becca and I had a great chat about this!

✅ Send out final reminders to Methodology grantees

Start gathering grant status and accomplishments information
Last week was super chaotic and I wasn't able to get to this.

Name: Ash Kranti Srivastava
Temperature Check: self-management was crucial this week - both of my supervisors' vacations overlapped and I had to navigate a lot myself.
Top Goal 4 Coming Week: Review and give feedback on how-to guides
Start gathering grant status and accomplishments information
Begin composing Community grantees video
Start research on Community Spend Pool 
Weekly shoutout: Thankful for Emily for hosting our weekly sync and giving me advice while Becca and Sarah were out.
What Else Did You Do?: I worked with Gijs from Regen Foundation on the GVK video, which took a ton of extra time because I had to rewatch the rough cut several times and lay out a complete plan for the video.
What do you need help on?: I really struggled to intentinally block off work time this week - going to work on holding myself accountable and entering deep focus states.
Created time: August 9, 2022 8:21 PM
What did you learn?: Being clear and detailed is super important!

self-management was crucial this week - both of my supervisors' vacations overlapped and I had to navigate a lot myself.