# Dream DAO Season 1 Retro 🔍

Date: April 6, 2022
Recording (Video): https://app.butter.us/recording/Dream-DAO-Retro/98714400-a396-48bd-8c04-46f164d30e7b
Host: Gary
Event type: Season Retrospective

<aside>
🌞 PLEASE fill out this survey if you haven’t yet - it frames up the whole conversations: [https://dds1retroform.paperform.co/](https://dds1retroform.paperform.co/)

</aside>

## Icebreakers + Vibe + Survey Fill Out (10 mins)

***PARTICIPATE FOR ATTENDANCE:** Type in your first and last name, favorite emoji to send friends, add a colon, and answer the prompt - also feel free to shout out your answer*

*Prompt: What was your highlight of Season 1 (or 0!)?*

- Amanda😎: being trusted by people older than me from different places to do big stuff like leading a wg
- Arath: 😩 diving deep into weeb3!
- Ethan Wei 🫡: Watching the DAO come together on so many great initiatives and plans
- Madison: Learning togethers!!
- Charlotte Bruderly 🪴: Meeting new people
- Ash Kranti 🦋: Getting to hear from so many cool Learning Together hosts! (and making awesome cards for them)
- Jae-Hee 🦧: Making new friends like Ethan, Julia, Madhav, Amanda, Saf, etc.
- Carl 🌱: green pilling everyone I know and spreading Dream DAO vibes far and wide (and meeting the Builders — who inspire me and make me more optimistic every second I spend with them)
- Gary 🔥: Many things, but a lot of authentic interest from web3 OGs in supporting our Builders
- Saf: Meeting the smartest high schoolers I’ve ever known, and creating a culture of optimism
- Adarsh: getting introduced to web3
- Jared (Kap Slap) 👋: Having calls with kids around the world!
- Joshua Cruz ✌🏻: Meeting new people + being part of the team.
- TOMMY SEGAL 😇: Other than meeting such lovely people; just watching the evolution of the builders - both directly and from afar - as they become active participants in the web3 ecosystem. Y’all are already legit players in the space. Also listening to ProfStam’s rants.
- Oliver 🌃: Discovering all things solarpunk, and having incredible conversations about them. Y’all are very cool <3
- Nathan: seeing how motivated gen Z builders can be! genuine optimism all around
- Shaan: 🍄  having the opportunity to be part of this amazing group of individuals!
- chabu 🤺: realizing that the ‘regen’ components of web3 aren’t standard practice or culture and we have the means to spread that wisdom to other parts of web3
- Allison ✨: being able to discover solarpunk + meeting new people! :)

## Situational assessment discussion (20 mins)

*anything you want to underline/emphasize? anything you want to add?* 

- Ethan: The pace of action in the DAO is not as fast as it could be.  Expectations need to be set so everyone is able to commit in a reasonable way.
    - Gary: What is minimum commitment/involvement in the DAO to maintain status as a voting member?  Time bandwidth changes and varies a lot over days/weeks/months.  I had talked to Ash about a way to signal available time.
    - Ash: I think no more than 10 hours a week should be put into the DAO as a Builder unless you have a part-time role.
    - Madison: We talked previously about a renewal between each season, rather than an off-boarding between each season.
    - Jae-Hee: Time limits are difficult in a 24/7 Discord.
    - Jared: I’m working in a group and focusing mainly on soft issues - how do you build trust?  How do you build rapport?  Focusing on this is really hard, and nobody has it figured out.
        - Gary: There aren’t any successful DAOs yet.  We need to approach every part of the design with humility and keep in perspective where we are.
        - Carl: The success of the DAO as an entity / going concern is LESS important than the success of its people.
    - Gary: We need to be thoughtful about making sure we reengage people for greater diversity and perspective, rather than letting them off-board instead.
        - Madison: A good starting point for that is asking why they didn’t engage in the first place.
            - Chabu: That might be a lot to ask from someone that isn’t intimate with the community.  There’s only a small group that would be receptive to that.
        - Chabu: Mapping out different forms of involvement and allowing easy access in might be a good step to reengage people.
- Thomas Segal: How many Builders have drifted off/not engaged?
    - Gary: We have 40 Builders overall.  About 20 engage, and around 15 don’t.
    - Jared: That seems reasonable in terms of group size.  Have we looked at Orca Protocol?
    - Gary: Many of our issues aren’t issues of tech.  Rather, documentation/ownership, etc.
        - Madhav: I think DAO tooling could be explored once we have laid our foundation- like governance, explorers program, etc. and once we have foundation we use tools to level up.
    - Jared: We have meetings with open spaces.  Anyone can talk about anything.  It’s a good team-building/bonding exercise.  New ideas formed and energy built up.
- Gary: On the topic of DAO size - I don’t think we want people to buy SkywalkerZ thinking there’s tons to do in the DAO.  Most DAOs are operating under the “we’re acquiring new users” model, and that isn’t a good way of looking at it.  We should have criteria for each next launch.
    - Thomas Segal: I see your point, but I know that there are a lot of people that want to help out and support the DAO even if they don’t engage.
    - Ash: Fresh folks give us energy.
- Gary: What is the role of a Champion?
    - Chabu: What we need as a Champion depends on what our goals are as Builders.  It would be cool to see Builders choose a priority and ask for a specific type of support.  That’s easier for Champions too.
    - Madison: We should be asking what a Champion can do that a Builder can’t, and what a Builder can that a Champion can’t.  For example, advisory/leadership roles and specific tasks.
    - Jae-Hee: Discord makes it very difficult for mentorship to occur.  It’s kind of asking Champions to keep up with the channels each day, which is hard.  We should have more of these reflective meetings.
    - Jared: Having too many meetings for the group makes it tricky.  It’s difficult to involve people if they don’t want to be involved.
- Gary: In terms of centralization of operations, it’s far too early to have nobody running and making the small decisions.  I spend most of my time meeting people and planting seeds.  I recommend that Madison plays an important organizational role because that’s what she has done in this phase.
    - Chabu: We need to pick a few things to focus in on this meeting - there are a lot of issues and discussions to be had, and it’s important not to let anything get buried.
- Gary: 70% of my time for Season 2 is going to be dedicated to the DAO.  I’m open to discussing why there is any concern about this, and we can have more conversations about why these structures exist.
- Gary: I want to bring up the idea of “self-fulfilling ideas/narratives.”  Retro is important for intergenerational communication.  If people are talking about each other and not with each other, that is the death of a community.  There need to be individual people accountable to the metrics we care about.
    - Prof Stam: When you said it was your fault, I don’t think that’s necessarily true.  There are a lot of people that make up a DAO.
    - Gary: Everyone should feel empowered.  We are in a period of ambiguity, but it still goes to a default position of hierarchical systems.
- Madison: I’ve been playing an undefined organizational role this Phase and worried if I was overstepping.  Clearly defined roles are important.
- Thomas: Is Discord our issue?  In terms of our issues in communication.
    - Gary: CU will be having community-wide Town Halls each month.  We’ll talk about cool things happening, ways to plug in, ways to improve, who is being hired, why decisions are being made, and more.  It’s very exciting.
    - Gary: It’s human nature to “other” the people most like you.  Communication is important.
    - Gary: We won’t be using Discord for the Fellowship in the future.  Slack is also bad.  We don’t want to be in a place where Fellows are muting the main channels because they are too chaotic.  The pace of communication is slower until there is more buy-in.
- Saf: What do we want to leave this meeting with?
    - Gary: Let’s clean up the document.  People can add their names to issues they want to work on.
    - [https://www.notion.so/cucrew/Season-1-Situational-Assessment-and-Season-2-Pre-Launch-Checklist-9b013fe713aa4feb8c6a2a1aa0e63c10](../../../../Design%20Documents%20&%20Braindumps%2096c62424d0454ec2bd5170ad5dce5dae/Season%201%20Situational%20Assessment%20and%20Season%202%20Pre-L%209b013fe713aa4feb8c6a2a1aa0e63c10.md)
    - Prof Stam: Instead of having people put their names down (how we got to the issue of people getting overcommited), should we reach out to people specifically for each idea?
- Jae-Hee: We never wrote a whitepaper or guidelines for the community.  I think that’s important to create common ground.  We want to prove decentralization and health as a concept.
    - [https://dougkirkpatrick.com/self-management-canvas-joins-the-creative-commons-community/](https://dougkirkpatrick.com/self-management-canvas-joins-the-creative-commons-community/)
    - Gary: Decentralization is a great goal.  You can’t kick me out right now, though; there’s too much that needs to get done and set up.
- Jared:  Gary, you are a great leader.  Let’s also make sure we focus on listening and give people who haven’t had a chance to share their voices time to share.  Otherwise, tension builds up.
    - Gary: Super important to keep having these conversations.
    - Carl: You need to release the tensions by acknowledging them directly and then, like an acupuncturist, pushing into them with pins.
- Oliver: I also think with community health stuff and space to work together synchronously, it's important we are intentional with the pace because full-time students and champions with lots of other commitments are both very busy but also really need to be able to show up.
- Madison: We’ve been talking a lot about Gary’s role, but we need to talk about everyone’s role.  I think it was a problem to have people join 3-4 working groups; there’s too much.  People need to know what they need to care about.
    - Gary: This is not a unique issue.  This is an exciting time for us to solve these issues.  Decentralization does not mean a lack of structure.
- Oliver: As people have brought up, Builders are full-time students and Champions have tons of commitments.  We need to find a balance while maintaining flexibility and understanding that things change.

## Potential systems improvements discussion (20 mins)

*anything you want to underline/emphasize? anything you want to add?* 

![Untitled](Dream%20DAO%20Season%201%20Retro%20%F0%9F%94%8D%204682cb6fb1f1402fbc03b326048797d3/Untitled.png)

## Shoutout a Dreamer (5 mins)

*Feel free to call out anyone if you so feel inclined*

- Gary: Creating a new system - one about relations between humans - is a really big collective endeavor.  Shoutout to everyone.  People are looking to us as a blueprint.
- Madison: Shoutout to everyone.  And Charlotte.
- Jae-Hee: Shoutout to saf for securing partnership with late checkout <3, shoutout to carl for future proposal & greenpilling his mom, shoutout to everyone etc. etc. butter chat is so slow
- Carl: Shoutout to Gary for planting this seed...
- Arath: Thanks to everyone for enabling this space to voice our concerns.  Shoutout to Jared and Jae-Hee for voicing community concerns.  We need time for this discussion.
- Amanda: Shoutout to allison for being amazing wg co-lead and to charlotte for always making meeting amazing with her amazing notes, and jae with her insights
- Allison: Shoutout to amanda for being an awesome wg co-lead - i absolutely adore collaborating w/ you! <33
- Oliver: Shouout to everyone for the community-love channel and the wellness channel and all the ways we are taking care of ourselves.

Humble Brags: PBS is coming to our office tomorrow.  I’m working on a Harvard Business Review article about Impact DAOs.  ~7 Blockchains want to help us.  The sky is the limit if we get community health right.