# Dream DAO Liftoff

Date: January 8, 2022
Recording (Video): https://share.descript.com/view/CdaVsjNfrYY
Host: Gary, Madison helping note-take and record, need another recorder too
Event type: One-off Events
POAP admin link: https://app.poap.xyz/admin/events/dream-dao-founding-voting-member-liftoff-attendance-2022

## Madison’s notes:

<aside>
ℹ️ Please catch cool / funny / interesting / insightful things people say

</aside>

- **Ash**: It is inspiring to see how everyone had their own path to the Dream DAO
- **Thessy**: There are so many different points of view
- **Kevin**: It is insane how much of a global reach the Dream DAO has
- **Roman**: @Ken gave us an excellent explanation on how we can connect people left out by traditional financial systems! It was great to talk with Ahyun and Aishah as well; really amazing how we're connecting people from the States, Italy, and Singapore!
- **Tyler**: The energy in the room was insane, we needed more time!
- **Arman**: This discussion helped me explain web3 better to others
- **Dave**: What excites me about web3? The people!
- **Thomas**: What I have most enjoyed about my time in web3 is the incredibly curious people.
- **Chabu**: Jasmine said she wants to bring her artistry and creativity to the DAO
- **Arath**: Web3 sounds amazing, but once you enter it there is so much more to learn. In the Dream DAO, I feed off the energy and just want to do and build so much more.
- **Tim**: It is easy to show your appreciation for the community if you really want to. “Do stuff and help people”

## Things to do:

- Send plugin survey
- Create donation thread
- Create “phone book” and member of the day
- Log of values-aligned organizations
    - Future foundation has one already
- Set up [intros.ai](http://intros.ai)