# Partnerships Progress: 9/22

Cycles are from Friday to the following Thursday. 

## 8/26/22 - 9/1/22

### OKR-related Progress:

- Securing Internship Hosts: Doing a postmortem on DDEP1 hosts to see how we should improve (form sent) and how we can improve.
- Securing Funding: At an impasse because of many hands; grant team re-launching soon.
- Brand Partnerships: Dream DAO x The Symmetrical possibly in the works? Otherwise, we have a couple ReFi spaces. Also, creation of SoPs

### Other Progress:

- Piloted our new weekly meeting style (thanks, Governance!) to accommodate different timezones.

### Current Projects:

- Ethan to write SoPs for Partnerships currently in the process of being made
- Carl to find speaking opps for conferences (to elevate our web3 brand presence)
- Explorers to send out feedback form to hosts; we will see how we did and what to improve on soon.

### Next Steps:

- Create SoPs for LTs for conversion from guest to organization partner
- Research and write grant applications for some funding
- Sync between all funding stakeholders to set strategy and timeline for all of this (lack of clarity currently between CU team and DD team on assets and strategy)

### Assistance Needed:

- Running efficient meetings — any best practices? @Timofei Dort-Golts and Governance is famous for theirs; would like to mimic.
    - Tim: heyo Ethan, happy to help here. Here are my suggestions.
        - 30-min meetings are not sufficient enough to discuss bigger topics. We tried this in GWG, and it was enough only for decent updates + addressing some minor issues. If you want to build something / discuss something like a new system / project synchronously, 1hour meet is a must imo.
        - Make meetings recurring and standing. Weekly works best for streamlining a work process and making decent progress on accomplishing OKRs. It will require spending some time on picking a date&time that’s the most convenient for all the WG members. 
        It’s better if you know the rough outline of timezones present in your WG, so you can go to a site comparing these timzeones and come up with the best time window for meetings. Then you can use lettucemeet for this window on different days (if the days work for you ofc) - for me it was 10AM EST - 1PM EST.
- Stable participation and attendance — ideation necessary. Hard to decentralize partnerships beyond deal flow, and we have little support for people who want to do this.
    - Case study on how VCs get Scouts? Maybe we can mimic…
- Funding ideas — cannot keep blaming bear market; we need to get funds regardless. How?
    - Grants are one option (GR15?). However, typically the private grants have very low success compared to asking for corporate donors.
    - Org partnerships. Maybe easier to get a protocol or an organization to send us some money. Still have to think about what we offer (interns? a bright future? publicity?)

## 9/2/22 - 9/8/22

### OKR-related Progress:

- Securing Internship Hosts: Have gotten good feedback on DDEP by builders, still only 1 internship host has filled out the form. **How do we encourage this?**
- Securing Funding: Bounty launching for grant-searching, otherwise pretty negligible
- Brand Partnerships: We have organically gotten some opps for builders and champions to speak. DoinGud also made us an official partner!

### Other Progress:

- N/A

### Current Projects:

- CRM iteration for usefulness
- Bounty for finding grants that Dream DAO can apply to
- List of potential DDEP hosts being created
- GR15 — how successful has that been @Madison Adams?

### Next Steps:

- Sync on Monday to discuss other Partnerships-related items.