# Gatherings WG Meeting#2

ðŸŒ±**GM! Glad you joined the session!** 

### *Icebreaker*

**Prompt: Whatâ€™s an unpopular food opinion that you have?**

- Ibtehaj: French Fries are overrated, go argue with the wall. :)
- Eunice: Waffles are better than pancakes
- Aayush: Peanut butter and jelly sandwiches are underrated
- Alex:
- Sara: Ice cream tastes better in cold weather
- Fernando: red sauce is better than green sauce.
- Beca: mustard

<aside>
ðŸ“¢ Whatâ€™s up w/ the projects and tasks?

## Updates

1. ðŸ”´ **Reminder for me to record the meeting!**
2. Integration Sessions Bounty Update
3. Reaching out to Champions update
</aside>

## [MAIN PART]

**The main part of our todayâ€™s meeting!** 

- The conferences so far- ETH Istanbul, ETH Tokyo, ETH Paris [maybe we look for 2 more then compare!]

****

## Updates from the last time we met:

- Updates on the bounty sent out for the info sessions: The bounty was given to Joshua and Valeria and the WG Lead is working closely with them to make these sessions happen. Theyâ€™ve had calls together and they are also speaking to Season 3 Builders, showing them the idea in mind and getting their feedback to see if the sessions are going in the direction they envision it in and if they have any questions. Will send invites soon.
- Working on the mentorship sessions. Checking the bandwidth and availability of the Champions. We have about 15 Champions so far. The work was shared with Tarun and they both reached out to Champions. So far, about 3 Champions said that they are willing to mentor Builders but theyâ€™d want to know the specifics of the program in order to be sure. But the responses were positive so far. Tarun has only drafted the email and will send it to them today.

## Notes:

LT- Learning Together

OKR- Objective Key Result

KR- Key Result

S1, S2, S3- Season 1, Season 2, Season 3 

- Eunice: I have some docs. from mentorship programs that Iâ€™ve been a part of and we could use those as a guideline, then adapt it to the Web3 curriculum.
- Harry: Great, would be good to work on the mentorship program scope soon so we can have it ready to mention it to the new champions we bring in at the end of next month with the SkywalkerZ sale. And then we send it to old Champs too.
- Main objective: Improve the Buildersâ€™ experience + improve existing processes
- Last Season, there was a drop in engagement from various Builders and that objective was set for the Season as that was the pain point identified
- Joshua laid a fairly solid framework last Season, but as thereâ€™s always room for improvement and growth, a deep dive was done into each step to see where things can be improved and expanded on
- The first key result for Trips & Conferences was to research conferences that Builders can attend. Last Season, we sent Builders off to Devcon. 10 were chosen, 2 backed out cuz they couldnâ€™t attend it, and about 3-4 couldnâ€™t attended cuz their Visas got rejected.
- So, the idea this time is to send Builders to a place where it isnâ€™t that hectic to get a Visa. Itâ€™s always gonna be hectic, but for now we can pay attention to that.
- Conferences should align with Dream DAOâ€™s mission and help enrich Buildersâ€™ experiences in the Web3 space as it is an opportunity to get hands on experience in the Web3 space for the first time.
- We had 3 conferences in mind: ETH Istanbul, ETH Tokyo, ETH Paris, but we need 2 more and then we can do a deep dive and round it off to 2 conferences
- Aayush takes on the task of researching 2 more conferences to add to the list.
- An application process should assess why Builders are interested, their knowledge of the conference, etc.
- Dariel maybe [need to confirm] still book the flights, if heâ€™s available, but hotels and stuff like that are managed by the co-stewards. Harry will reach out to the conferences to see if there are perks for the top choice conferences.
- Fernando: I have an info packet that contains basic info fields that we can use as a template. We have to keep track of the docs. required to travel to another country.
- We have to elaborate on the 5th key result
- Community Key Results: Season 3 Builders have a very different idea of what the DAO is and what theyâ€™d want out of the DAO in the coming months. Maybe by having a session where we kinda have Builders design a roadmap of what the journey theyâ€™d want to go on as Builders.
- Study sessions can be conducted to increase the educational value in the community. [reached out to 1 Season 3 Builder, theyâ€™d love to do it, but theyâ€™re not a 100% sure]
- Increase the social/fun value by holding events that arenâ€™t info heavy and where you can make friends.
- The 4th key result was to increase engagement.
- The 5th was to increase the educational value by improving Learning Together Sessions. Builders have reported that they didnâ€™t like how these sessions were more about the hostâ€™s project, rather than the Web3 concept behind those projects. Another way to achieve the Key Result is by reviving the mentorship program where thereâ€™s more accountability, better outcomes, etc. Maybe place more emphasis on the Learning Artefacts produced?
- Integration sessions coming soon
- Eunice: We should have a guide to give to hosts for the LTs so that they know exactly what weâ€™re looking for and they know exactly what they need to say and arenâ€™t confused on if they should talk about themselves or their projects.
- This helps as it gives speakers a more concrete agenda. They then can know how to have a more balanced conversation in under an hour with a bunch of GenZers who are here to learn
- Harry: We have a few things for LTs. Maybe we havenâ€™t been picking the right hosts, but itâ€™s important, especially in the beginning to have sessions that are well-done and valuable so that a Builderâ€™s first exposure to an LT is positive and theyâ€™d want to return for more. Maybe someone can go on Twitter and scout all star LT host. I can reach out to them on an individual level so that the sessions are more valuable.
- Harry: We can have a mentorship doc. that outlines how the best mentorship scheme can run and how we can improve from last time, cuz when we have new and returning Champs, itâ€™s best to have something thatâ€™s well thought out to present to them. And for the study sessions, if someone wants to talk about an area of Web3 they are passionate about and want to share their learnings or if they want to explore a topic they are interested in with a group of Builders, itâ€™d be good to get these running, like hosting the sessions and finding a time to meet.
- Fernando and Eunice will work on the application outline that weâ€™ll send out to Builders when we are set on conferences to send them to.
- Eunice: For the mentorship doc., we should have a team and look for a Champion that has experience with giving mentorship and ask them what it would be like to run a good mentorship scheme.
- Fernando: Maybe the mentorship doc. should have 3 people working on it [S2 Builder, S3 Builder and a Champion]
- If work is assigned and it goes to a Season 2 Builder, that Builder should loop a Season 3 Builder in so that they can also be involved and can understand how things work. [Similarly, if a Season 3 Builder is assigned work, they can share it with a returning Builder so that they can get more guidance and understand how things work]
- Eunice: We should have a comprehensive â€˜All about conferenceâ€™ doc. that contains info about the placesâ€™ Visa policies, etc., incase we do go there.
- Harry: Maybe Almond can work on the mentorship scheme. But if a champ gets involved, I recommend having them check a draft rather than write it, since many may not have time to do core work.
- Fernando: The S2 + S3 Builder can work on the mentorship doc. and then check with a Champion for feedback
- As of now, potential tasks are being added and then more people will be looped in async and the task database will be updated in the Dream DAO hub
- Harry: We have a WG task databases where tasks are kept and theyâ€™re on display with deadlines, context, people involved, progress, etc. Love seeing the energy to get involved in the community and excited to see things going!
- Last time we had study sessions was S1
- Taking on the task of finding all start LT hosts is an amazing opportunity for a S3 Builder to get in touch with the Web3 space and see who would be a good fit for these sessions
- With every project taken up by this working group, the outcome seems to be a Learning Artefact [study sessions, mentorship, etc.]. The doc. is yet to be refined.
- Harry: When scouting for LT hosts, it would be good to scout for potential Champions. When out SkywalkerZ sale goes on in about a month, these are gonna be a tool to bring in money + Champions. There isnâ€™t much time but it would be good to try. Having a CRM would be good.
- We had a CRM doc. last Season, we could bring that back and use it.
- Aayush: Have we shortlisted any conferences yet?
- So far, ETH Istanbul, ETH Tokyo, ETH Paris but we need 2 more to make it 5 so thatâ€™s why a task would be to look for 2 more so that we can do a deep dive on each of them and see if it works for our Builders. Just make sure they are regen.
- Alex: Do the Gatherings WG have to apply to the conferences if they wish to go attend one?
- This is how it was done the last time: We needed to send 10 Builders to conferences. 12 Builders applied so the applications were sent to a DAO-wide vote, where members voted for the Top 10 Builders based on contributions to the DAO.
- Eunice: Fernando and I can work on the applications framework.
- Fernando: We can have a database for the potential conferences.
- Tasks can be sent out on Discord and email but first place to look at is the task database.
- Harry: It would be ideal to put everything in the Notion database. As a team you can update your progress, status, add people, etc., so it makes sense as a team to have all the tasks present in the database.
- The WG hub is the place to find notes, docs., etc. so itâ€™s good to check on it often.
- We aim to have new Champions in the DAO by April.
- Harry: There can be people who purchase the NFT who just want to support the DAO financially without contributing on a deeper level. Then the people who are interested can in contributing can apply to become Champions. The co-stewards will take on the outreach, but it would be good to take it on as Gatherings. If thereâ€™s a way of scouting Champs and sell them our NFTs, would be good to get help. Would be nice to really define what a Champion is and what they do, then reaching out to people and try to sell them our NFT so that they know whatâ€™s expected of them.
- Harry: Mentorship can be outlined later. By April, there should be an outline. The mentorship outline should be presented to potential Champions.
- Ibtehaj: Isnâ€™t there a separate application for Champions? Or is it like they buy the NFT? Cuz Iâ€™m pretty sure that the ones who buy the NFT are called SkywalkerZ hodlers, then those people apply to become Champions? So, in the application itself, we can ask about their bandwidth and if theyâ€™re willing to mentor Builders.

## **Next meeting ideas + Tasks:**

- Aayush- Research 2 more events
- Mentorship Document- Alex (S3)
- All about conferences doc
- Study sessions: Sara(S3)
- Applications framework: Fernando (S2) and Eunice (S3)
- Database for conferences:
- LT Sessions host Guide
- Resurrect the CRM doc. from last Season lol
- Discuss Builder policy for attending conferences
- Discuss costs adjacent to travel [Visa, medical, etc.]
- Work on mentorship app form and update the Champion application form to include mentorship and number of hours

Maybe if anyone wants to they can start creating...

- A mentorship doc/plan
- Start planning/hosting weekly study sessions on specific topics they're interested in-
- Scout all-star LT hosts
- Choose a web3 topic to study. Have weekly meeting in the solarpunk lounge to discuss this topic together, share resources and learningAll members try to produce a learning artifact after say 3-weeks of learning, share resources with eachother, maybe with a champion etc for feedback and post to share learning etc

mentorship- Probably from April onwards

[Untitled Database](Gatherings%20WG%20Meeting#2%205d06e046dd4a488c85430aee5fcf34d9/Untitled%20Database%207d3f306165ea4a60bf8d0d76ccc31cf8.csv)