# Notes from NEAR 101

[https://learn.figment.io/protocols/near](https://learn.figment.io/protocols/near)

## Madhav

**"Sharding"**
The word most people fear because of its complexity and difficulty to implement but unarguably one of the greatest features a blockchain can have to host the world in a truly decentralized sense. Ethereum the biggest web3 ecosystem has sharding as one of its goal for Eth 2.0 which doesn't have an exact date of implementation or launch but Near procotol a l-1 blockchain has sharding built in. In 2021 , near Released its sharding mechanism named Nightshade.

- As the blockchain gets bigger it will start making different parts of it named "Shards" which will work as side chains and process  transactions and function themselves. Validators dont compete but have turns producing the blocks which significantly reduces the waste of energy.
- As the network load increases the blockchain splits  and as there being no limit on the number of shards Near blockchain can scale infinitly with the no bottlenecks. They have a few phaes of implementation left and can be read about here- [https://near.org/blog/near-launches-nightshade-sharding-paving-the-way-for-mass-adoption/](https://near.org/blog/near-launches-nightshade-sharding-paving-the-way-for-mass-adoption/)
- They also introduce the concept of "Dynamic Resharding" in which the network automatically decided when to make more shards and when to merge on the activity of the network making it validator friendly allowing the chain to be run on inexpensive hardware.

---

## Aditya

**What is NEAR?**

NEAR, or more precisely, NEAR protocol is a (relatively) new blockchain that tries to address various limitations of existing blockchains.

Some salient features of NEAR:

- Like almost every other blockchain, it supports smart contracts.
- It is also a POS (proof-of-stake) blockchain, which allows it to be carbon neutral!
- It uses Nightshade and Doomslug (NEAR's implementation of sharding and consensus, respectively) to achieve amazing (theoretical) throughput of 100k transactions per second.
- Unlimited sharding potential allows NEAR to be incredibly scalable.
- After the launch of Aurora (an Ethereum Virtual Machine), NEAR is compatible with dApps made for Ethereum.
- NEAR has developed the Rainbow bridge that allows users to bridge ERC-20 tokens to NEAR.
- NEAR is extremely dev friendly and has great resources to get started with developing on it.